Richard W. Lock , retired vice president and treasurer of
Owens-Illinois Inc. , was named a director of this transportation
industry supplier , increasing its board to six members .  John
J. Phelan Jr. , chairman of the Big Board , asserts that `` 1988 and
1989 have been two of the least volatile years in the last 30 or 40
years . ''  In January , American Medical brought in a new chief
executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as
chairman , president and chief executive .  Ralph T. Linsley , vice
chairman of Eagle , will become vice chairman of Webster\/Eagle .
Orkem declined to give details of its offer , saying only that the bid
will be submitted for approval by the board of the British company .
But in 1935 , when Congress was trying to find someone or something to
blame for the Great Depression , it decided to drop both the secretary
and the comptroller from the board .  Treasury Undersecretary David
Mulford , for instance , was at a meeting of the Business Council in
Hot Springs , Va. , when the stock market fell , and remained there
through the following day .  He will remain chairman .  The memo
attempts to remove the tourist board as far as possible from the
agency , which pleaded innocent to the charges .  J. Michael Cook ,
chairman of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells International , said he
believes the legal action by the British firm `` to be without merit
. ''  Other conservatives thought to be on the administration 's short
list include Washington lawyer Michael Uhlmann , who was passed over
for the No. 2 job at the Justice Department , and Marshall Breger ,
chairman of a U.S. agency on administration .  The new products allow
customers to add Convex machines to established systems made by other
manufacturers , which `` opens up a phenomenal market for us , '' said
Robert J. Paluck , Convex 's chairman , president and chief executive
.  Wilson H. Taylor , president and chief executive officer of this
insurance and financial services concern , was elected to the
additional post of chairman .  The Fed chairman 's caution was
apparent again on the Monday morning after the market 's plunge , when
the central bank took only modest steps to aid the markets .  Cipher
Data said Mr. Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and
from the company 's board .  Most notably , several of the regulatory
steps recommended by the Brady Task Force , which analyzed the 1987
crash , would be revived -- especially because that group 's chairman
is now the Treasury secretary .  Mr. Gaubert , who was chairman and
the majority stockholder of Independent American , had relinquished
his control in exchange for federal regulators ' agreement to drop
their inquiry into his activities at another savings and loan .  And
Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's
Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory
Board , says some fast-food outlets `` could be in serious trouble ,
based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . ''
Richard Breeden , the new chairman of the SEC , has n't taken a formal
position on the bill , which would also require investors to disclose
large trades and give the SEC additional authority during market
emergencies .  And , with no other offers on the table , the board
apparently felt no pressure to act on it .  In a statement , Craig
O. McCaw , chairman and chief executive officer of McCaw , said : ``
We trust LIN will take no further actions that favor BellSouth . ''
Meanwhile , in another sign that a new bid is n't imminent , it was
learned that the UAL board held a telephone meeting Monday to hear an
update on the situation , but that a formal board meeting is n't
likely to be convened until early next week .  But the board said it
was n't interested for now .  `` The market today has a life of its
own , '' John Akers , chairman of International Business Machines
Corp. , said Saturday .  Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks
continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect
fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said
Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman and chief financial and
administrative officer .  Michael Henderson , 51-year-old group chief
executive of this U.K. metals and industrial materials maker , will
become chairman in May , succeeding Ian Butler , 64 , who is retiring
.  `` The public did n't come to the market to play a game ; they can
go to Off-Track Betting for that , '' says A. Brean Murray , chairman
of Brean Murray , Foster Securities , a traditional money management
firm .  Program trading itself , according to many academics who have
studied it , is merely caught in the middle of this battle , unfairly
labeled as the evil driving force of the marketplace .  The group did
n't make a formal offer , but instead told UAL 's advisers before the
most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at
between $ 225 and $ 240 a share .  At a later news conference here ,
Frank Lorenzo , chairman of Eastern 's parent Texas Air Corp. , said
Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and
predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors
early next year , operating with more service than it originally had
scheduled .  Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of
offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had
hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief
executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the
company as a whole .  Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of
Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie
delta gas would flow to market first .  American Physicians said it
also replaced four Texas American representatives on Prime 's
five-member board .  He later resigned from his executive positions
with Enfield , saying that actions by its board `` amounted to -LCB-
my -RCB- dismissal . ''  Robert G. Walden , 62 years old , was elected
a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and
services , increasing the board to eight members .  Many analysts
expect Mr. Andersson , who owns 1.7 % of the company , to be named
Trelleborg 's new chairman when Ernst Herslow steps down next year .
The chairman said his board members , including representatives of
West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit
Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte
's capital .  Mr. Hahn , the 62-year-old chairman and chief executive
officer of Georgia-Pacific Corp. is leading the forest-product concern
's unsolicited $ 3.19 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa Corp .
Jaguar PLC 's chairman said he hopes to reach a friendly pact with
General Motors Corp. within a month that may involve the British
luxury-car maker 's producing a cheaper executive model .  The
takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis or one of the other
interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray , or
that the board might consider a recapitalization .  `` We are reaching
the moment of truth '' on Wall Street , said Rep. Edward J. Markey
-LRB- D. , Mass. -RRB- , chairman of the House subcommittee on
telecommunications and finance .  As directed by the board , NASA
completed the evaluation and again chose CSC .  On the chairman 's
motion , the California package was subsequently reduced to
less-binding report language , and even when this was accepted as such
on a voice vote , Mr. Whitten pointedly opposed it .  Among the issues
the board will examine is whether United Airlines , a unit of UAL
Corp. , should have been able to detect the cracks through maintenance
checks .  Stuart E. Eizenstat , a partner in the Washington law firm
of Powell , Goldstein , Frazer & Murphy , was named a director of this
utility holding company , increasing board membership to 14 .  He was
on the board of an insurance company with financial problems , but he
insists he made no secret of it .  `` More rooms are n't the answer
for us , '' says Caesars World chairman Henry Gluck .  Carl
E. Pfeiffer , chief executive officer , was named to the additional
post of chairman of this specialty-metals manufacturing concern .
Some House Democrats are trying to head off an appointment by
President Bush to the board that oversees the savings-and-loan bailout
, contending that the prospective nominee is the head of troubled
banks himself .  Shares of Kasler , a California road and bridge
builder , were heavily traded , jumping 2 1\/8 to 9 7\/8 on 1.3
million shares .  `` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank
Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James
Oberstar -LRB- D. , Minn. -RRB- , chairman of the House aviation
subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because
the bill already would give the department ample power to block
undesirable deals .  `` I 'm not saying everything is hunky-dory , but
we have completed the transition , '' Robert M. Price , chairman and
chief executive , said in an interview .  Rep. Edward Markey -LRB-
D. , Mass. -RRB- , chairman of the House Telecommunications and
Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for
computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb `` turmoil ''
in the marketplace .  `` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much
as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and
chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he
entered his current position in April .  The board said the export
licenses would be issued on the condition that Canadian interests
would also be allowed to bid for the Mackenzie delta gas on terms
similar to those offered to U.S. customers .  The group , led by Giant
Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of
Rally 's .  Similarly , highway engineers agreed to keep the old
railings on the Key Bridge in Washington , D.C. , as long as they
could install a crash barrier between the sidewalk and the road .  He
succeeds his father , Philip T. Wilber , who founded the company and
remains chairman .  It would also affect the perceptions of the board
of governors of the Federal Reserve System , and the informed public
generally , as to what constitutes a reasonable degree of price
stability .  Year-earlier net of $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share ,
included the results of Loral 's former Aircraft Braking Systems and
Engineered Fabrics divisions , which were sold April 27 to the company
's chairman , Bernard L. Schwartz .  Her dismissal angered many in the
regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler , head of Theatre
Communications Group , to write an editorial in American Theatre
magazine condemning the board .  Koito has refused to grant
Mr. Pickens seats on its board , asserting he is a greenmailer trying
to pressure Koito 's other shareholders into buying him out at a
profit .  `` Over the summer months , there has been a slowing in the
rate of new orders from the computer sector , our primary market , ''
said Wilfred J. Corrigan , chairman and chief executive officer .
However , Mr. Davis could pressure the board by asking that the
agreement be waived , or letting it be known that he has financing for
an offer at a lower price .  Seeking a middle path between opponents
of change and radicals who demand overnight solutions , the article
advocates what it calls a `` radical-moderate approach . ''  The
Sept. 30 end of the federal fiscal year may have prodded contractors
to get any behind-schedule road and bridge construction under way ``
before the clock ran out , '' Mr. Christie said , referring to
threatened 5 % across-the-board budget cuts .  Mr. Thompson is
believed to have a mandate from the board of directors to help improve
the Merc 's tarnished reputation as an exchange whose floor traders do
n't follow the rules very well .  And as of last night , Fed Chairman
Greenspan had n't canceled his plans to address the American Bankers
Association convention in Washington at 10 a.m. this morning .  He
succeeds Paul J. Montle , 42 , who will remain chairman .  Despite the
Composite 's advance , some trading officials are guardedly optimistic
that the market is on the road to recovery .  `` What 's encouraging
about this is that retail chains will be sold on the basis of their
sales and earnings , not liquidation values , '' said Joseph E. Brooks
, chairman and chief executive officer of Ann Taylor Inc. , a
specialty chain .  A former chairman of the president 's Council of
Economic Advisers , Mr. Stein is an American Enterprise Institute
fellow .  S. Waite Rawls III , vice chairman of Continental Bank ,
First Options ' parent company , said the firm took on about 160
accounts formerly held by Fossett , almost all of them belonging to
professional floor traders .  In a related move , the bank also
proposed that board representation be linked more closely to the bank
's new shareholding structure .  The pilot union is vowing to pursue
an acquisition whatever the board decides .  But a lower bid could
face rejection by the UAL board .  Arthur Burns , Federal Reserve
Board chairman , said the government 's `` luck '' in keeping the bank
open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented
`` shock waves around the country and around the world . ''
Separately , the board expanded to six members with the election of
David L. Holewinski , a consultant .  Bertin Nadeau , newly appointed
chairman and interim chief executive of Provigo , would n't say if
Mr. Lortie was asked to leave .  Delmed said Robert S. Ehrlich
resigned as chairman , president and chief executive .  Los Angeles
investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 275-a-share offer was rejected by UAL
's board , has n't shown signs of pursuing a $ 300-a-share back-up bid
he made last month .  But the board 's decision prompted many to bail
out of the stock yesterday .  Domestic lending for real estate and
property development was the source of Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd. 's
most recent spate of financial troubles , the institution 's executive
chairman , Mohamed Basir Ismail , said .  The filing adds a new twist
to market speculation that Coniston Partners , a New York money
manager , has bought more than 5 % of UAL stock and may challenge the
UAL board 's decision last week to remain independent .  The effective
date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed
until Oct. 1 next year , and the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the
corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food
Research and Action Center .  The company also named Michael
E. Gellert , a director and a major shareholder , to fill the vacant
seat of chairman .  But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group
does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today
.  In addition , the agreement calls for Gilbert H. Lamphere ,
chairman of Prospect Group 's executive committee , to be named
chairman of a restructured board that will include four new
independent directors .  Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman ,
said Viacom `` emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure and gained
substantial operating and financial flexibility through '' the bank
pact .  z - Not available .  Richard de J. Osborne , chairman ,
president and chief executive officer , said the company 's ``
decisions to get out of asbestos and high-sulfur coal continue the
process of simplifying and focusing the company in areas with a better
future . ''  The standard of living has increased steadily over the
past 40 years ; more than 90 % of the people consider themselves
middle class .  Most traders and analysts attributed the decline to
technical factors associated with the contract 's going off the board
.  He surveys the prospective investors gathered in the board room of
the Philippine government 's Asset Privatization Trust for the sale of
a 36 % interest in the country 's largest paper mill .  CMS ENERGY
Corp. said management would recommend to its board today that its
common stock dividend be reinstated at a `` modest level '' later this
year .  Also , because UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL
executives have joined the pilots ' bid , the board might be forced to
exclude him from its deliberations in order to be fair to other
bidders .  The board and UAL 's management , he says , `` ca n't go
back '' to business as usual .  William P. Panny , MLX chairman and
chief executive , said the pact `` will provide MLX with the
additional time and flexibility necessary to complete the
restructuring of the company 's capital structure . ''  Mr. Tucker
will succeed Salvatore J. Barbera , 64 , who will hold the newly
created position of chairman of the international unit until his
retirement April 1 .  John Franco , 47 years old , formerly vice
chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation
Investment Group , was named chief executive officer of this insurance
holding company , effective Dec. 1 , succeeding Robert T. Shaw , who
remains chairman .  `` Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the
outlook for the newspaper group remains guarded , with no improvement
yet seen in operating trends in our Eastern markets , '' said Robert
F. Erburu , Times Mirror 's chairman and chief executive .  In
advising the UAL board on the various bids for the airline , starting
with one for $ 240 a share from Mr. Davis , the investment bank of
First Boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the
company , depending on appraisal methods and assumptions .  Viktor
Sidorenko , vice chairman of the State Committee on Nuclear Safety ,
said the two reactors were at Kursk and Smolensk .  What was n't
mentioned is that Coniston and its investment banker , Donaldson ,
Lufkin & Jenrette , just completed a two-week `` road show '' for the
purpose of marketing the bonds .  The firm also will permit its
members and the public `` to exercise their put and call options
contracts traded on the Pacific exchange '' even if the exchange is
closed , said Wayne Luthringshausen , chairman of Options Clearing .
`` Small investors are absolutely dismayed that Wall Street is
stacking the deck against them , and these wide swings are scaring
them to death , '' says Raymond A. Mason , chairman of regional broker
Legg Mason Inc. in Baltimore .  Moreover , if the Fed holds tight , it
may be able gradually to reduce inflation , moving toward the
zero-inflation goal that the Fed chairman embraced in testimony to
Congress last week .  To suggest that a 10 % drop in ozone by the
middle of the next century would be negligible is irresponsible and
shortsighted .  `` It 's pretty much weak across the board , '' said
Martin Regalia , chief economist of the National Council of Savings
Institutions .  He said that when he was on the board he felt that he
had a great deal of power and , somehow , he did n't think that was a
good thing .  -LRB- Opposed by new SEC chairman -RRB- And statements
by the chairman of the IG Metall labor union , Franz Steinkuehler ,
also cast a cloud over trading , dealers said .  Ray Shaw , chairman
of American City , said he would assume Mr. Russell 's
responsibilities if a successor is n't found this month .  In addition
, Ralph Ingersoll II , 43 , chairman and chief executive , said he
would take on additional responsibilities as editor in chief of the
company .  `` Our ordnance business has been hurt very badly by the
slowdown , '' says Arch Scurlock , TransTechnology 's chairman .  Its
chairman told the union to prepare for the worst in next year 's
confrontation with employers over a new three-year wage deal .  The
Staar board also said that John R. Ford resigned as a director , and
that Mr. Wolf was named a member of the board .  `` Quality junk bonds
will continue to trade well , '' says Michael Holland , chairman of
Salomon Brothers Asset Management Inc .  Mr. Bailey said he expects to
name a new group president to head that operation following the Nov. 8
board meeting .  Among those sighing with relief was John H. Gutfreund
, chairman of Salomon Brothers , who took to the firm 's trading floor
to monitor yesterday 's events .  `` Mattel 's world-wide volume has
grown 25 % in a climate of relatively flat industry sales , '' said
John W. Amerman , chairman .  In Japanese firms , the president
usually is in charge of day-to-day operations , while the chairman 's
role is more a ceremonial one .  Still , it was in Argentine editions
that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field
worker who stabbed his mother to death and has no regrets as he awaits
his end in a prison cell : `` Fate directs some men down the
flower-bordered path , and others down the road bordered with thistles
and prickly pears .  Robert G. Hodson , 65 , retired as chairman but
will remain a consultant .  While Steppenwolf was in London with ``
The Grapes of Wrath , '' Bruce Sagan , the president of its board of
directors , quietly returned to Chicago to buy a piece of real estate
in the city 's rapidly reviving North Halsted Street restaurant and
theater district .  BNL also said that its board had approved `` after
an in-depth discussion , '' a letter to the Bank of Italy outlining
measures the state-owned bank has taken or plans to take to improve
controls on its foreign branches .  Some $ 170 million of the $ 233
million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate ,
and roughly three-quarters of that was in the troubled New England
market , according to Richard Driscoll , vice chairman .  David
R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate
communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice
president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic
beverages and consumer products .  Claude Bebear , chairman and chief
executive officer , of Axa-Midi Assurances , pledged to retain
employees and management of Farmers Group Inc. , including Leo
E. Denlea Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer , if Axa succeeds
in acquiring Farmers .  Confusion about the two banks ' hurried
efforts to round up financing for a new bid that the UAL board has n't
even seen yet helped send UAL stock spiraling downward .  Holders at
the meeting elected a full slate of Canadian Express nominees to
Enfield 's 11-member board .  The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger
, president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter
S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott
Services Inc .  Mortimer B. Zuckerman , chairman and editor in chief ,
said Mr. Rosenblatt would be succeeded starting today by Michael Ruby
, the magazine 's executive editor , and Merrill McLoughlin , a senior
writer .  But it was clear that for the time being , the board wants
the company to return to normalcy .  Dr. Marston , 66 years old ,
succeeds Alexander T. Daignault , 72 , who did n't stand for
re-election due to mandatory board retirement policy .  George
L. LaMore , president and chief executive officer , will become
chairman and chief executive upon Mr. Cunin 's retirement .  `` On a
truly comparable basis , we 've seen modest earnings growth this year
from the operations of our company , '' said Jack MacAllister ,
chairman and chief executive officer .  It also contends that Young &
Rubicam never told the tourist board about its relationship with Ad
Ventures , a Jamaican firm hired by the agency .  Isler Sailing
International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner
Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis ,
head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman
and chief executive of Avis Inc .  An administration official
confirmed last week that Mr. Simmons , the chairman of Valley National
Bank in Phoenix , is the Republican appointee , and that a security
clearance was under way .  Signs of growing weakness in the economy ,
paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control ,
have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in
reducing rates .  The former board had produced `` 21 opinions and
1,000 critics '' in its 12-year life , its chairman had conceded .  To
help do this , Mr. Palmer developed a portable massage chair three
years ago that he hopes will bring `` structured touching '' into
mainstream America .  Besides that , some of the paintings that were
to grace the walls of CenTrust actually ended up hanging in the
chairman 's estate on La Gorce Isle off Miami Beach .  William
R. Attridge resigned those posts , as well as a seat on NESB 's board
.  Richard Driscoll , vice chairman of Bank of New England , told the
Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , `` Certainly , there are
those outside the region who think of us prospectively as a good
partner .  His election increases Ryder 's board to 14 members .
After two mistrials , the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of
GAF Corp. and its vice chairman , James T. Sherwin , have changed
considerably .  Young & Rubicam , fighting charges that it bribed
Jamaican officials to win the Jamaica Tourist Board ad account in 1981
, said it will no longer create the tourist board 's advertising .
Within discretionary funds for community development grants , more
than $ 3.7 million is allocated to six projects in Michigan , home
state of a subcommittee chairman , Rep. Bob Traxler .  I do n't think
that 's the case at all , '' says Mr. Cooperman , a partner at Goldman
, Sachs & Co. and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management .  The
inquiry also will cover the actions of Charles Keating Jr. , who is
chairman of American Continental Corp. , Lincoln 's parent , and who
contributed heavily to several U.S. senators .  `` People wish the
government would do something about leveraged buy-outs , do something
about takeovers , do something about Donald Trump , '' said Rand
Araskog , chairman of ITT Corp. , whose stock dropped $ 3.375 .  The
letter to Mr. Bush was signed by Reps. Bruce Vento -LRB- D. ,
Minn. -RRB- , the chairman of the Banking Committee 's RTC Task Force
, Thomas McMillen -LRB- D. , Md. -RRB- , Kweisi Mfume -LRB- D. , Md
. -RRB- and Paul Kanjorski -LRB- D. , Pa . -RRB- .  Thus , even
investors who are pushing for the board to do a recapitalization that
would pay shareholders a special dividend and possibly grant employees
an ownership stake acknowledge that the unions are key .  John
C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , also said the
company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 %
annually through the next three years .  Tuesday 's rumored buyer ,
Coniston Partners , would n't comment on speculation that Coniston ,
which battled the UAL board in 1987 , might challenge the board 's
decision Monday to remain independent .  McCaw has `` no obligation to
purchase and the definition of private market value is uncertain , ''
the LIN board said .  Kenneth Olshan , Wells Rich 's chairman , did
n't return phone calls seeking comment .  Wendy Gramm , the agency 's
chairman , told the Senate Agriculture Committee that she expects the
study to be released within two weeks and the rule changes to be
completed by Thanksgiving .  `` The message to the board of education
out of all this is we 've got to take a serious look at how we 're
doing our curriculum and our testing policies in this state , '' said
the talk-show host .  Herbert M. Sandler , chairman and chief
executive officer of the Oakland , Calif. , savings-and-loan holding
company , credited the high number of loans added to the company 's
portfolio over the last 12 months for broadening its earning asset
base and improving profit performance .  Embittered shareholders -LRB-
some of whom are suing -RRB- say the chairman and his collection
epitomize the excesses of speculation that set off the national S&L
crisis .  Joseph L. Dionne , chairman and chief executive officer of
McGraw-Hill Inc. , was elected to the board of directors of this
electronics manufacturer .  The board expands to seven members .  The
characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult
to find a `` middle way '' between the extremes of success and failure
, wealth and poverty .  Harken , which made its offer in August , said
it still is awaiting a response to its offer from Tesoro 's board .
They succeed Daniel M. Rexinger , retired Circuit City executive vice
president , and Robert R. Glauber , U.S. Treasury undersecretary , on
the 12-member board .  Mr. Guttman told one person familiar with the
New York exchanges during the search for a replacement that he was
looking for a president who would be `` responsive to the needs of the
membership and the board . ''  Charles Wohlstetter , the chairman of
Contel Corp. who is rallying other CEOs to the anti-program trading
cause , says he has received `` countless '' letters offering support
.  Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle
managers and plant workers to dealerships .  In a statement , Jaguar
's board said they `` were not consulted about the -LRB- Ridley
decision -RRB- in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
`` I want to know who made the decision that it was safe for 186,000
people to use every day , '' said Richard Katz , a state legislator
who is chairman of the California Assembly 's transportation committee
.  `` You ca n't say it 's a `` tsunami '' -LRB- tidal wave -RRB- ,
but we 're making some headway , '' says Fannie Mae 's chairman ,
David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain
and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities .  The offering
for the language school unit was announced by Robert Maxwell ,
chairman and chief executive officer of London-based Maxwell
Communication Corp. , which owns Macmillan .  Some of the most vivid
bulletins came over The Well , a Sausalito , Calif. , board that is
one of the liveliest outposts of the electronic underground .  `` The
report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the
problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , '' said
Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and
a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy .  The
chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks .  The board
expanded to 17 seats .  An ebullient Kenneth Iverson , Nucor 's
chairman , says the company 's plant eventually will make a ton of
steel in 1.5 man hours , compared with four to six man hours at a
conventional mill .  `` The economy remains well-balanced , and the
outlook is for continued moderate growth . ''  Friday 's market rout
came smack in the middle of the heaviest month for CD rollovers , when
a number of banks and thrifts already have promotions under way .  The
board has 10 business days to respond .  Although the board believed
that Mr. Icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher
than acquiring USX , it adopted a poison-pill defense , to be
swallowed if anyone amasses a 15 % stake .  In the Bush administration
, the lead is being taken by Treasury Secretary Brady , Undersecretary
Robert Glauber and Assistant Secretary Mullins .  His selection
increases the size of the board to 12 members .  John Padovan , 51
years old , was named a deputy chairman .  Douglas Jones , an attorney
representing Richard O. Kelly Sr. , the chairman and president of
Capital Trust , says his client denies that there was any attempt to
defraud investors .  Rorer Group Inc. will report that third-quarter
profit rose more than 15 % from a year earlier , though the gain is
wholly due to asset sales , Robert Cawthorn , chairman , president and
chief executive officer , said .  Although the purchasing managers '
index continues to indicate a slowing economy , it is n't signaling an
imminent recession , said Robert Bretz , chairman of the association
's survey committee and director of materials management at Pitney
Bowes Inc. , Stamford , Conn .  Across the board , these consumers
value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need ,
and appreciate products that are distinctive .  Following is a weekly
listing of unadited net asset values of publicly traded investment
fund shares , reported by the companies as of Friday 's close .  Also
holding two seats each on the board , they said , would be Olympia &
York Developments Ltd. , controlled by the Reichmann family of Canada
, and Itel Corp. , controlled by Chicago businessman Sam Zell .  Grain
elevators built in the 1920s and '30s have six-inch concrete walls and
a tubular shape that would easily contain semicircular cells with a
control point in the middle , the New York firm says .  Sir Richard
Butler , 60-year-old chairman of Agricola -LRB- U.K . -RRB- Ltd. , was
named chairman of County NatWest Investment Management Ltd. , the
investment management subsidiary of County NatWest Ltd. , the
investment banking arm of this British bank .  `` We can not quantify
the total adverse effects of Hugo , '' said Edwin Colodny , chairman
and president of USAir Group .  George Pierce , chairman and chief
executive officer , said in an interview that earnings in the most
recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just
under $ 4 million .  Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the
UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy-out group 's expenses
out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed ,
provided the group did n't breach the agreement .  Lionel Corp. 's
board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share , or $ 95.4
million , for as much as 90 % of Lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake
in the toy retailer .  `` It 's not like the board can decide '' by
itself , Mr. Sells said , adding , `` we 're indifferent to -LRB- the
Bass -RRB- plan .  Mr. Trump withdrew his bid before the AMR board ,
which is due to meet tomorrow , ever formally considered it .  The
board of this Ponce , Puerto Rico concern voted to suspend payment of
its quarterly of 11 cents a share for the third quarter .  Donald
Iverson , chairman , says he hopes the company can eventually get up
to half of its revenue from commercial markets .  Mr. Seidman is
chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , established to sell or merge
the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan associations .
Then , flashing a diamond ring as big as the Ritz -LRB- `` my day
diamond , darling '' -RRB- , she told her two companions that she is
on the `` board '' of the Vatican Museum in Rome .  The three managing
general partners would receive a `` significant '' number of Marsh &
McLennan shares , said Walther L. Kiep , a partner who would also join
Marsh & McLennan 's board .  The flying telephone : `` You tangle the
base cord around a chair leg , and the receiver does seem to fly off
. ''  The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from
bumps , potholes and other rigors of the road .  Richard D. Sutton ,
64 years old , chairman of this bank-holding company , was named
acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its
First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary .  Instead , the group is
raising the proposal informally to try to test the board 's reaction .
W.R. Grace holds three of Grace Energy 's seven board seats .  Ted
Turner , Turner Broadcasting 's chairman , was named chairman of
Turner Pictures , and Gerry Hogan , president of Turner Entertainment
Networks , was named president of the unit .  Roy E. Parrott , the
company 's president and chief operating officer since Sept. 1 , was
named to its board .  The bank 's chairman and director general , who
also sit on the board , still would be appointed by the Treasury .
Since the last time he traveled this way several months ago , he has
recanted a series of bold forecasts of a recession .  Also named to
the revised board was Thomas A. Loose , Recognition 's senior vice
president and general counsel .  The size of the company 's board has
been reduced to eight directors from 13 .  `` A union , sooner or
later , has to have an adversary , and it has to have a victory , ''
Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman and chief executive , says
with disdain .  DPC , a group led by the New York investment firm
Crescott Inc. , also said it plans to file preliminary materials with
the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding a shareholder
solicitation to oust Dataproducts ' board .  A special committee of
United Merchants directors said that in view of uncertainties
regarding various legal and financial considerations , it could n't
recommend the plan to the full board .  Erwin Tomash , the 67-year-old
founder of this maker of data communications products and a former
chairman and chief executive , resigned as a director .  Specter , the
vice chairman of the Senate 's evidence panel , said there was ``
insufficient evidence to convict '' the Miami jurist .  `` I think it
was something that we and they thought was constructive , '' said
Stephen D. Weinroth , chairman and co-chief executive officer of
Integrated .  Jack Davis , Dataproducts ' president , chairman and
chief executive officer , said the company `` is at a loss to
understand DPC 's intentions . ''  `` Today 's stock market decline
does n't signal any fundamental change in the condition of the economy
, '' he said .  JMB officials are expected to be hired to represent
the pension fund on the Santa Fe Pacific Realty board , Mr. Roulac
said , to insulate the fund from potential liability problems .  ``
Who would the board be working for -- the public shareholders or the
pilots ? '' she adds .  Mr. Field also had been chairman of McKesson
Corp. , resigning that post after a dispute with the board over
corporate strategy .  `` To get people 's attention these days , ''
says Douglas Bailey , a political consultant , `` your TV ad needs to
be bold and entertaining , and , more often than not , that means
confrontational .  But if the board rejects a reduced bid and decides
to explore other alternatives , it could transform what has been a
harmonious process into an adversarial one .  One advantage the
buy-out group intends to press with the board is that pilots have
agreed to make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions to help
finance a bid .  When there are well problems , light problems , road
problems , the government tells us to forget it . ''  Investor Robert
M. Gintel , who owns a 4.7 % stake in the company , said he plans a
proxy fight for control of its board .  I 'm sure they 'll do what 's
right , what 's prudent , what 's sensible , '' he said .  Earlier
this month the company said its board approved a proposed
management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million
.  Mr. Butler will remain on the board as a nonexecutive director .
It is n't a current topic of conversation at the company , '' said
Barry Diller , chairman and chief executive officer of the Fox
Inc. unit of News Corp .  Jack Davis , Dataproducts ' chairman , said
he had n't yet seen the filing and could n't comment .  The Fed
provides money to the banking system by buying government securities
from financial institutions .  Now he is writing a book , serving on
an elite foreign policy advisory board and consulting for an array of
corporate clients , including British publishing mogul Robert Maxwell
.  He succeeds as president , Don Freeberg , who remains chairman and
chief executive officer .  William A. Wise , 44 years old , president
of the El Paso Natural Gas Co. unit of this energy and
natural-resources concern , was named to the additional post of chief
executive officer , succeeding Travis H. Petty , 61 , who continues as
a vice chairman of the parent .  Fannie Mae also said James A. Aliber
, chairman of First Federal of Michigan and a director since 1985 ,
moved up the date of his retirement from the board to accommodate
Mr. Johnson 's election as a director .  The two boards said in a
joint statement that the proposed merger agreement was considered in
separate board meetings in Oslo Monday .  Wall Street would like UAL
Corp. 's board to change its mind about keeping the company
independent .  Gone is D. Joseph Corr , the airline 's chairman ,
chief executive and president , appointed only last December .  There
is still time , however , for Gov. Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino ,
chairman of the BPCA board , to prevent this topiary `` Tilted Arc
. ''  Investment bankers representing the buy-out group and UAL 's
board spent a frantic weekend trying to hammer out new terms that
would be more acceptable to the banks .  But a spokesman for KKR says
that with only a 15 % equity stake , it would n't be appropriate for
KKR to keep board representation .  In some companies middle managers
sneak massage therapists into the office , fearful that upper-level
executives wo n't approve .  Several projects , he said , are still on
the drawing board .  The legendary GM chairman declared that his
company would make `` a car for every purse and purpose . ''  In an
internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein
decided to remove himself to minimize `` negative reaction '' from
prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense .  In a
statement , Arnold B. McKinnon , chairman and chief executive officer
, noted that the new repurchase program `` should serve to enhance
shareholder value . ''  Mr. Berry , 58 , had resigned after being
asked by Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , Kenneth
Roman , to give up his title as creative head of the New York office
and to take a fuzzier international role .  Polyvinyl chloride
capacity `` has overtaken demand and we are experiencing reduced
profit margins as a result , '' said John D. Ong , chairman and chief
executive .  Analysts viewed the chairman 's comments as an indication
that the central bank is disinclined to ease monetary policy further
in the near future .  The board is n't proposing a slate of its own
and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the
special meeting date , Newport said .  Mr. Eskandarian , who resigned
his Della Femina post in September , becomes chairman and chief
executive of Arnold .  @ Charles H. Tenney II , chairman of Unitil
Corp. , purchased 34,602 shares , or 4.9 % , of Unitil 's common ,
according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Lawrence B. Seidman , 41 years old , was named chairman of this
savings and loan institution .  The company 's new management , which
took control of Amdura 's board after a consent solicitation last
month , wanted to extend the loan while it tries to sell two units .
A statement issued by the office of the committee chairman ,
Sen. David Boren -LRB- D. , Okla. -RRB- , charged that the disclosure
is part of a continuing effort to shift the criticism for the failure
of the recent coup attempt in Panama .  Martin Schrager , 51 , who had
been president , was named vice chairman .  Possible bidders include
Christopher Ondaatje , a Toronto financier and vice chairman of Hees
International Bancorp Inc. , a holding company controlled by Toronto
's Bronfman family .  Rafael Carrion Jr. , chairman of Banco Popular ,
will be the chairman of the holding company .  Within the Senate , the
ban has had aggressive support from Sen. Frank Lautenberg -LRB- D. ,
N.J. -RRB- , who has used his position as a Senate Appropriations
subcommittee chairman to garner votes for the initiative .  But , in
this context , that 's the smart thing to do . ''  Alan Bond ,
chairman and controlling shareholder of the cash-strapped Australian
media , brewing , resources and property concern , disclosed the debt
figures yesterday .  `` It 's madness -- that in an hour you can whack
off so much value , '' says Stanford Calderwood , chairman of Trinity
Investment Management Corp. , Boston .  The board will be made up of
seven directors of each holding company .  The three men worked
together on the so-called Brady Commission , headed by Mr. Brady ,
which was established after the 1987 crash to examine the market 's
collapse .  The study was initiated by Senate Judiciary Committee
chairman Joseph Biden -LRB- D. , Del . -RRB- .  Mr. Spielvogel is n't
part of the board , nor are any of the other heads of Saatchi 's big
U.S.-based ad agencies .  The eucalyptus plantation and pulp mill ,
which would have covered about 175,000 acres in the Irian Jaya region
, had been approved by Indonesia 's investment board .  Pierre Vinken
, 61 years old , will join the board as a nonexecutive director
Nov. 29 .  In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a
so-called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another
takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from
merging acquired businesses for five years .  `` The new structure
will enable United Biscuits to focus clearly upon opportunities for
planned growth during the 1990s , '' said Bob Clarke , deputy chairman
and group chief executive .  Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has
n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending
restatement of the balance sheet .  `` If we 've got folks out there
who are being turned away in the mortgage market improperly and
unfairly , '' said Sen. Donald Riegle -LRB- D. , Mich. -RRB- ,
chairman of the banking committee , `` then that is a matter that
needs remedy now , not six months from now , or six years from now ,
or 26 years from now . ''  We 've heard California 's
property-tax-cutting Proposition 13 blamed for a lot over the years ,
but ABC 's Ted Koppel came up with a new wrinkle in his earthquake
coverage last week when he asked Democratic Assemblyman Richard Katz
if Prop. 13 had withheld money needed for road maintenance .  Ogilvy
's chairman , Kenneth Roman , is leaving to take a top post at
American Express .  In practice , the director of central intelligence
and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff also serve as unofficial
members .  The survival of spinoff Cray Computer Corp. as a fledgling
in the supercomputer business appears to depend heavily on the
creativity -- and longevity -- of its chairman and chief designer ,
Seymour Cray .  This maker of electronic measuring devices named two
new directors , increasing board membership to nine .  A group of
investors led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Burt Sugarman ,
said it filed with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to buy
more than 50 % of the stock of Rally 's Inc. , a fast-food company
based in Louisville , Ky .  After the initial slide , the market
appeared to be turning around but by early afternoon was headed lower
.  Some atmospheric scientists think that even if CFCs were released
into the atmosphere at an accelerating rate , the amount of ozone
depletion would be only 10 % by the middle of the next century .  The
board 's decision , announced after the market closed Monday ,
initially prompted a severe sell-off in UAL shares , which at midday
traded as low as $ 145 a share , down $ 33 a share , in composite
trading on the New York Stock Exchange .  The emergency assistance
would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual
highway funds , and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that
otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road ,
such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's
earthquake .  `` We have men who only buy their shirts and underwear
here or younger customers who only buy their -LCB- job -RCB- interview
suit here , '' says William Roberti , chairman and chief executive
officer of Brooks Brothers . `` Republican Sen. William Cohen of Maine
, the panel 's vice chairman , said of the disclosure that `` a text
torn out of context is a pretext , and it is unfair for those in the
White House who are leaking to present the evidence in a selective
fashion . ''  The newspaper quoted KGB chairman Vladimir A. Kryuchkov
as saying the definition of anti-Soviet crimes had narrowed , the laws
had changed and people no longer have to fear a simple slip of the
tongue .  But UAL 's board is n't expected to give quick approval to
any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share bid that collapsed
recently .  The practice of businesses throwing out junk mail `` is a
commonly known problem , and it 's increasing as companies attempt to
put through budget cuts across the board , '' right down to the
mail-room level , says Stephen Belth , a list consultant and chairman
of the Direct Marketing Association 's business-to-business council .
When it was suggested his comment was a `` non-answer , '' Mr. Darman
replied : `` It is a non-answer .  UAL 's board could reject the new
price as too low , especially since there are n't any competing bids .
John E. Hayes Jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive
officer , succeeding David S. Black , who retired .  Foreign-exchange
dealers noted that the impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight
and warned that the currency remains sensitive to developments on Wall
Street .  At a meeting Sept. 1 to consider the labor-management bid ,
the board also was informed by its investment adviser , First Boston
Corp. , of interest expressed by buy-out funds including Kohlberg
Kravis Roberts & Co. and Forstmann Little & Co. , as well as by Robert
Bass , Morgan Stanley 's buy-out fund , and Pan Am Corp .
International Business Machines Corp. said its board approved the
purchase of $ 1 billion of its common shares , a move that should help
support its battered stock .  Its board approved the repurchase of as
many as three million common shares , or about 17 % of its shares
outstanding .  Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and
Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to
the business information services company .  The bank , which
previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and
that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids .
Separately , the company 's board adopted a proposal to amend its 1986
shareholder rights plan , further insulating the company from takeover
.  The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw : row upon
row of greenhouses , stretching out behind modern mansions that
trumpet their owners ' wealth .  He will succeed Charles L. Harrington
, chairman and chief executive officer , who retired last month .  It
's known for its cautiousness in part because it has had little need
for bold overseas ventures : In the year ended March 31 , 57.4 % of
its total revenue came from office building management .  `` We wanted
them to build a road here , '' he says .  Mr. Peake is chairman of his
own consulting company in Englewood , N.J .  Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years
old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is retiring as chairman
but will continue as a director and chairman of the executive
committee .  Frederick W. Lang , 65 years old , the founder of this
software services concern , was elected to the new post of chairman .
Delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in
treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of
Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer ,
and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial
officer .  Northern Trust Corp. said its board adopted a shareholder
rights plan aimed at deterring unwanted takeover bids , but said it 's
not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern .  He predicted
that the board would give the current duo until early next year before
naming a new chief executive .  Milton Petrie , chairman of Petrie
Stores Corp. , said he has agreed to sell his 15.2 % stake in Deb
Shops Corp. to Petrie Stores .  Malcolm MacDougall , vice chairman of
the Jordan , McGrath , Case & Taylor advertising agency in New York ,
calls the proliferation `` nameplate mania . ''  But board members say
he took so long to decide how to vote that by the time he decided , it
was too late to try to draw other members to his position .  In the
director post , Mr. Brown , 38 years old , succeeds Joseph W. Hibben ,
who retired from the board in August .  Sir Peter will succeed Sir
John Milne , 65 , who retires as Blue Circle nonexecutive chairman on
June 1 .  Mr. Della Femina will be joint chairman with former WCRS
executive Robin Wight .  The packages must be sorted quickly and
distributed to smaller vans for delivery , so couriers can be on the
road by 8:35 .  `` I 'm outraged because this company is portraying
itself at the heart of American culture and political freedom and in
fact it 's a killer , '' says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of
the Federal Trade Commission and a tobacco-industry critic .  `` You
've either got a chair or you do n't . ''  In the midst of his 1988
re-election campaign , Sen. Riegle , chairman of the Senate Banking
Committee , returned $ 76,000 in contributions after a Detroit
newspaper said that Mr. Keating had gathered the money for him about
two weeks before the meeting with regulators .  Reuben Mark , chairman
of Colgate-Palmolive Co. , said he is `` comfortable '' with analysts
' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $
1.05 a share .  Dow said it already has agreements with Albert
J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and
certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40
% of the PSE common shares outstanding .  Mr. Fromstein solidified his
control in April by taking over from Mr. Berry as chairman .  Jack
Byrne , chairman of Fireman 's Fund , said this disaster will test the
catastrophe reinsurance market , causing these rates to soar .  The
new board 's seven-member structure kept four CPAs , but the others
were from industry and academia .  H. Marshall Schwarz was named
chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. , a
private-banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17
billion .  City dwellers love them because they shift smoothly in
traffic , bounce easily over curbs and roll through road glass with
far fewer flat tires than racing bikes .  Polly Peck 's chairman ,
Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which
was announced Friday .  When he was through , the court members asked
many questions , then the chairman said they would like to hear his
manager 's side and talk to witnesses .  In an interview , Donald
Beall , chairman , said first-half profit certainly would trail the
past year 's , primarily because of weakness in the heavy-truck and
passenger-car markets .  Congress seems likely to let the new chairman
have his way for a while .  At the time of the original announcement ,
CMS said its board authorized the purchase of as many as five million
of its shares .  Mr. Ely , 57 years old , temporarily increases the
board to seven members .  `` They were on the road to recovery in
terms of customer attitudes until this bad quarter happened . ''
William O. Taylor , the parent 's chairman and chief executive officer
, said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the
Boston newspaper .  Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan meets regularly for
lunch with Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady and talks frequently with
Budget Director Richard Darman and Michael Boskin , chairman of the
Council of Economic Advisers .  Derek Alun-Jones , Ferranti 's
chairman , has said he hoped to pursue legal action against those
responsible .  The National Association of Manufacturers settled on
the Hoosier capital of Indianapolis for its fall board meeting .  So
the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars -LRB-
US$ 457 million -RRB- in provisions for interest payments from loans
previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank
, and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up
capital .  President Bush chose Martin Allday , a longtime friend from
Texas , to be chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission .
Says M.J. Pherwani , chairman of the Unit Trust of India : The ``
markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before . ''  The
issue of seeking relief from Congress was raised to Delbert Staley ,
the chairman of Nynex .  The measure is attached to the more than $ 26
billion fiscal 1990 transportation bill within Mr. Lautenberg 's
jurisdiction , and the final compromise is laced with more than $ 205
million in road projects earmarked by members as well as funds sought
by major airports , including Denver .  `` There 's not nearly as much
froth , '' said John Bogle , chairman of Vanguard Group Inc. , a big
Valley Forge , Pa. , fund company .  Small investors perceive that ``
big operators '' dominate the market , said Thomas O'Hara , chairman
of the National Association of Investors and head of the exchange 's
Individual Investors Advisory Committee set up after the 1987 crash .
Sen. Alan Dixon -LRB- D , Ill. -RRB- , chairman of the subcommittee on
consumer and regulatory affairs , said , `` I 'm not a statistician .
But Mr. Guber figured that Warner Communications Inc. chairman Steven
Ross , would empathize and let the producers go , knowing the Sony
offer was `` the culmination of a life 's work . ''  Robert D. Krebs ,
Santa Fe 's chairman , argues that since its businesses are valued in
different ways , `` the sum of the parts may be greater than the whole
. ''  Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide named Mr. Achenbaum , 62 ,
vice chairman of professional services , reporting directly to Carl
Spielvogel , chairman and chief executive officer .  `` He would , ''
agrees the chairman .  He has never met Lynn Williams , the president
of the United Steelworkers union , and is n't active in the industry
's main trade group , the American Iron and Steel Institute , which
Mr. Roderick served as chairman .  An estimated $ 321 million is
provided to maintain the program , but Mr. Rudman also succeeded in
attaching language seeking to curb the authority of the current board
until new members are confirmed .  Ironically , Mr. Greenspan was
scheduled to address the same convention in Dallas on Oct. 20 , 1987 .
The board said Mr. Drabinsky and Vice Chairman Myron Gottlieb are
negotiating financing before offering C$ 16.40 a share to acquire all
of Cineplex 's shares outstanding .  Mr. McGovern , 63 , had been
under intense pressure from the board to boost Campbell 's mediocre
performance to the level of other food companies .  By the end of this
year , 63-year-old Chairman Silas Cathcart -- the former chairman of
Illinois Tool Works who was derided as a `` tool-and-die man '' when
GE brought him in to clean up Kidder in 1987 -- retires to his Lake
Forest , Ill. , home , possibly to build a shopping mall on some land
he owns .  Discount brokerage customers `` have been in the market
somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , '' says
Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage
firm .  Magna International Inc. 's chief financial officer , James
McAlpine , resigned and its chairman , Frank Stronach , is stepping in
to help turn the automotive-parts manufacturer around , the company
said .  This business trust company said its board elected Kieran
E. Burke , a consultant to Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. , as
chief executive officer , a new post , and as president .  The
dividend cut will prove most costly for John K. Hanson , Winnebago 's
founder and chairman .  Apogee Robotics Inc. said its board extended
until Feb. 1 the exercise period of Apogee 's existing stock purchase
warrants outstanding .  `` The board felt that the continued payment
of our semiannual dividend was inconsistent with recent operating
results , '' said Kenneth A. Eldred , president and chief executive
officer .  Yoshitoki Chino retains his title of chairman of Daiwa ,
Japan 's second-largest securities firm .  A.F. Sloan , 60 years old ,
announced that he will retire next April as chairman and chief
executive officer of this snack food and bakery products maker .  ``
When they talk mega-issues , they 're truly talking mega , '' says
S.A. Dave , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India .
People familiar with the company say the board is n't likely to give
quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share , $
6.79 billion buy-out bid that collapsed last week after banks would
n't raise needed loans and after a key partner , British Airways PLC ,
dropped out .  Died : Robert V. Van Fossan , 63 , chairman of Mutual
Benefit Life Insurance Co. , Sunday , in Morristown , N.J. , of cancer
.  Robert L. Bernstein , chairman and president of Random House Inc. ,
announced his resignation from the publishing house he has run for 23
years .  Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and
force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies ?
`` We are n't inclined to prune stock portfolios now , '' says Steven
G. Einhorn , chairman of the investment policy committee of Goldman ,
Sachs & Co .  As a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 56
billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two
seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to
officials of the fund , who described the plan .  Mr. Hollander `` is
the new owner and wants to exercise control , '' said Barret B. Weekes
, Newport 's chairman .  Mr. Cathcart , who will return to the Quaker
Oats Co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures ,
is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline
to traditionally free-wheeling Kidder .  And , while the mutinous Fed
member has n't gone public , some Fed governors , most notably Vice
Chairman Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the
chairman 's decision to remain silent .  Robert M. Gintel , senior
partner of a Greenwich , Conn. , investment firm , said he plans to
launch a proxy fight against the board of Boston-based Xtra Corp .
The flow of Japanese funds has set in motion `` a process whereby
these economies will be knitted together by the great Japanese
investment machine , '' says Robert Hormats , vice chairman of Goldman
Sachs International Corp .  The split was aimed at boosting the stock
's liquidity , said Brendan Barba , chairman of the Moonachie , N.J. ,
maker of plastic film products .  The exchange has a board meeting
scheduled for tomorrow , and it is expected that some public
announcement could be made after that .  Giant Group is led by three
Rally 's directors , Burt Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William
E. Trotter II , who earlier this month indicated they had a 42.5 %
stake in Rally 's and planned to seek a majority of seats on Rally 's
nine-member board .  In a statement , Ralph S. Larsen , chairman and
chief executive officer , said the company was pleased with its
third-quarter sales performance , `` especially in light of the
extremely competitive environment in domestic consumer markets and the
negative impact of unfavorable exchange rates this quarter . ''
Attracted by low prices and encouraged by New York 's performance ,
they scooped up equities across the board .  The current president and
chief operating officer , J. Odell Johnson , was elected to the new
position of vice chairman of the board .  William S. Leavitt ,
chairman , said Mr. Penn , 58 years old , would continue as a
consultant and would work with the board in selecting a successor .
`` I have a mountain bike , yet as a hiker I 've been run off the road
by kids careening down a fire trail on them , '' says Gene Coan , an
official at Sierra 's headquarters in San Francisco , echoing the
concerns of many members .  Pilot union Chairman Frederick C. Dubinsky
said advisers to UAL management and the union will begin meeting in
New York today and will work through the weekend to devise a new
proposal to present to UAL 's board `` at the earliest time possible
. ''  Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House
Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a
$ 49.7 million bequest .  Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to
interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the
board .  Mr. Stern was chairman and chief executive officer of the New
York State Urban Development Corp. , 1983-85 .  Mr. Fournier said that
as Navigation Mixte chairman , he is prohibited by takeover
regulations from organizing his own defense or doing anything besides
managing current company business .  The resignations by the two
executives , considered hard-charging and abrasive by Reebok insiders
, reflect a difference in style with Paul Fireman , chairman and chief
executive , according to several former executives .  All this has
cast a pall over Columbia Savings & Loan Association and its
high-rolling 43-year-old chairman , Thomas Spiegel , who built the $
12.7 billion Beverly Hills , Calif. , thrift with high-yield junk
bonds .  `` One possibility is that this is a surgical setback ,
reasonably limited in its breadth , and not a major problem , '' said
one senior administration official , who also asked that he not be
named .  His massage chair is kept in a closet , and a secretary
escorts him past security .  Such risk taking is an everyday matter
for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as
its chairman .  Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in
Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to
the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial
planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant
.  Navigation Mixte said it would n't have any comment until its board
meets Wednesday .  Brush Wellman Inc. said its board increased the
number of shares of common stock to be purchased under a previously
authorized program to 3.9 million from 2.9 million .  In a recent
investment letter entitled `` Winners of the ` Leverage Wars , ' ''
Edward Kerschner , chairman of PaineWebber 's investment policy
committee , suggested that investors buy stocks of companies that have
avoided loading up on debt .  Nevertheless , Fed Chairman Greenspan
and Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson were in their offices Sunday evening
, monitoring events as they unfolded in markets around the world .
Liability in the bridge and road collapses will revolve around whether
government took `` reasonable care '' to build and maintain the
structures , says John Messina , a Tacoma , Wash. , personal-injury
attorney who specializes in highway design and maintenance cases .
Robert L. Wood , 37-year-old chief financial officer , was named
chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power
producer , succeeding Raymond L. Hixson , 63 .  c - Translated at
Commercial Rand exchange rate .  Arnold Levine , acting co-chief
executive , will continue as senior vice president and a board member
.  A few miles past Radzymin , a dirt road narrows to a track of sand
and leads into Zalubice , a village of tumbledown farms .  The front
cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables
offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates
represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do
not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank
N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof . ''  Look at what happened
to UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , and its chief financial officer
, John C. Pope .  Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick
S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group
, were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the
chairman .  Bruce W. Wilkinson , president and chief executive officer
, was named to the additional post of chairman of this architectural
and design services concern .  The purchases show the strong interest
of Japanese investors in U.S. mortgage-based instruments , Fannie Mae
's chairman , David O. Maxwell , said at a news conference .  `` It 's
possible , though not probable , '' that the state could get by with
its existing resources and federal help , said Quentin Kopp , chairman
of the state senate 's transportation committee .  Mr. Tinker later
left to become chairman of National Broadcasting Co .  FREDERICK 'S OF
HOLLYWOOD Inc. , Los Angeles , said its board voted a 50 % increase in
the specialty boutique-store operator 's semiannual dividend , to five
cents a common share .  Democracy is forcing the abortion debate
toward healthy compromise , toward the unpolarizing middle .  In the
Senate , Edward Kennedy -LRB- D. , Mass. -RRB- , chairman of the Labor
Committee , and Pete Domenici , -LRB- R. , N.M . -RRB- ranking
minority member of the Budget Committee , have been working on a
compromise , and their soundings showed that the Senate appeared to be
heading toward enough strength to override another Bush veto , a
Democratic staff official said .  In a related move , Pierre Lortie ,
chairman and chief executive , resigned .  In addition , the company
's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million
shares .  He succeeded Pat Brown , who was fired by the Alley board 18
months ago .  `` It 's a shocker , '' said Joseph Di Lillo , chairman
of Drake Capital Securities , a brokerage firm that has an investment
in Qintex Entertainment .  Sen. Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB-
was outraged after a private word to John Motley , lobbyist for the
National Federation of Independent Business , resulted in a news
release saying that the Senate Finance Committee chairman would
recommend repeal of Section 89 .  Paul Tanner was named president ,
chief executive officer and chairman of this oil and natural gas
company .  These `` active suspension systems '' electronically sense
road conditions and adjust a car 's ride .  However , Raymond
C. Kurzweil , chairman and chief executive , said `` The company
continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of
its technology . ''  `` Because of shrinkage in the economy , rates
can be expected to decline over a one-year horizon , '' said Norberto
Mehl , chairman of Banxquote .  The executive said any buy-out would
be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi and
whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi .  ``
The sooner our vans hit the road each morning , the easier it is for
us to fulfill that obligation . ''  Died : James A. Attwood , 62 ,
retired chairman and president of Mutual Life Insurance Co. of New
York , Tuesday , in New York City , of an acute anemic condition .  He
bought $ 4 billion in prepositioning ships and $ 7 billion in ammo and
equipment to fill them , and parked them at a new $ 6 billion base at
Diego Garcia in the middle of the Indian Ocean .  David L. Paul ,
chairman and chief executive officer , criticized the federal Office
of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was ``
inappropriate '' and based on `` insufficient '' reasons .  This
magazine and book publisher said three men were elected directors ,
increasing the board to 10 .  The chairman and a director of one of
the Republic of Singapore 's leading property companies , City
Development Ltd. , or CDL , were charged yesterday with criminal
breach of trust of some 800,000 Singapore dollars -LRB- about US$
409,000 -RRB- .  Frank Carlucci III was named to this
telecommunications company 's board , filling the vacancy created by
the death of William Sobey last May .  Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was
elected chairman , president and chief executive of Manhattan Life
Insurance Co. and president and chief executive of Manhattan National
Life Insurance Co .  Adolph Coors Co. said William K. Coors , chairman
, assumed the additional responsibilities of president , succeeding
Jeffrey H. Coors .  Mr. Martin said they have n't yet decided what
their next move would be , but he did n't rule out the possibility of
a consent solicitation aimed at replacing Georgia Gulf 's board .  The
safety board will begin four days of hearings on the accident tomorrow
in Sioux City .  Fifteen of the 26 subcommittee members attended the
hearing , most notably Rep. John Dingell -LRB- D. , Mich. -RRB- , the
full House Energy and Commerce Committee chairman , who has been
willing to let Mr. Markey carry the legislation in recent months .
Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney , an
accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form
Ernst & Young , a major accounting , tax and management consulting
firm .  On a demonstration board , emcee Shelby Lyman showed a quick
kill initiated by a knight sacrifice ; no spectator refuted this line
of play .  Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had `` taken
significant steps '' to restore the company 's credibility and sense
of professionalism and integrity .  Mr. Dinkins also has said he would
receive economic advice from a board that would include American
Express Co. chairman James D. Robinson III , investment banker Felix
Rohatyn , leveraged-buy-out specialist Reginald Lewis and attorney
Joseph Flom .  Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief
executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky
will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer .  f -
As of Wednesday 's close .  Westamerica Bancorp. said Richard
W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only
a year on the job because of `` differences '' with the board .  The
board is n't aware of any attempts to take over Philip Morris , the
company said .  Put down that phone .  An estimated $ 38.9 million was
set aside for military installations in the home state of North
Carolina Rep. W.G. Hefner , the House chairman .  Randy Delchamps was
named chairman and chief executive officer of this grocery chain .
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman ,
effective Feb. 1 .  Murray Lawrence , Lloyd 's chairman , agrees the
exchange faces big challenges .  As vice
president\/national-government relations , Mr. Womack will work with
P&G 's top management and with the company 's government-relations
staff `` to represent P&G 's interests at the federal level , '' said
John G. Smale , chairman and chief executive officer .  Capital
Holding Corp. said it requested and received the resignation of John
A. Franco , its vice chairman , as an officer and a director of the
life insurance holding company .  Revco 's chairman and chief
executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said both the company and the
bondholders have put forth reorganization plans , but little progress
has been made since negotiations began this summer .  Rudolph Agnew ,
55 years old and former chairman of Consolidated Gold Fields PLC , was
named a nonexecutive director of this British industrial conglomerate
.  Walk around the room ; take two deep breaths .  FirstSouth 's
former chairman and chief executive officer , Howard Weichern , is
also charged with conspiring to conceal the agreements with
Messrs. Watson and Taylor .  And in November 1970 Congress had passed
a special act to overrule one board rule .  The board already has been
searching for strong outside candidates , including food-industry
executives with considerable international experience .  Interpublic
's chairman and chief executive officer , Philip Geier Jr. , made the
pitches in visits to Mr. Saatchi in London , the executives said .
Who knows what will happen down the road , in three to six months , if
foreign investment starts to erode ? ''  Edward M. Esber , chairman ,
president and chief executive officer , attributed the decline to
reduced domestic revenue because of $ 4.9 million spent to upgrade
existing software inventories to the new database IV Version 1.1 , and
$ 1.8 million spent on the recent reduction in work force .  ALAMCO
Inc. said its board has approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split .
Mr. Vinken is chairman of Elsevier N.V. , the Dutch publishing group .
As a result , UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , pulled out of the
buy-out effort to focus on running the company .  The inflation-growth
argument is an old one , but Mr. Brady , on the board or off , is
surely trying to influence Fed policy .  Mr. Evans told the board he
needed the weekend to think about it .  Mr. Ehrlich was succeeded as
chairman by Gerd Krick , a director of Fresenius , a West German
pharmaceutical concern .  McCaw said the three independent directors
provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board .
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for
Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because
the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .  US Facilities
Corp. said Robert J. Percival agreed to step down as vice chairman of
the insurance holding company .  John Sculley , chairman and chief
executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers ,
introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance .  Ray
Garrett Jr. , SEC chairman , said the `` breadth and depth of the
discounting is more than I expected . ''  At that time Sam Whitbread ,
the company 's chairman and a descendant of its 18th-century founder ,
will retire from executive duties .  Ford , on the other hand , has
said it 's willing to bid for all of Jaguar , despite the objections
of Jaguar chairman Sir John Egan .  The Glazer group said in a
Securities and Exchange Commission filing in early October that it may
seek a controlling interest in Harley-Davidson , or seek
representation on the company 's board .  UAL Corp. 's board quashed
any prospects for an immediate revival of a labor-management buy-out ,
saying United Airlines ' parent should remain independent for now .
`` Nobody is going to make a real bid before the middle of November ,
'' said one investment banker familiar with the discussions in Japan .
Mr. Ondaatje could n't be reached for comment , but Roy Mac-Laren ,
chairman of CB Media , a closely held concern that publishes two
business magazines , said his company would take a close look at the
newspaper .  Rep. Byron Dorgan -LRB- D. , N.D . -RRB- has introduced a
bill in Congress , co-sponsored by Rep. Lee Hamilton -LRB- D. ,
Ind. -RRB- , that would put the treasury secretary back on the board .
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez 's inquiry is Danny Wall ,
chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision .  The energy of
participating investors streamed into Tokyu Group shares , pushing
prices of its companies up across the board .  Mr. Gurria , Mexico 's
under-secretary of the ministry of finance , met yesterday with
European bankers in London , at the half-way point on a so-called road
show to market the package around the world .  Of the 19 economists
who worked on the Business Council forecast , only two projected
periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years ,
and in `` both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the
phrase recession , '' said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan &
Co. and vice chairman of the Business Council .  Later , Mr. Brady
phoned Mr. Greenspan , SEC Chairman Richard Breeden and numerous
contacts in New York and overseas .  Meanwhile , `` the bottom end of
the market is becoming less loyal , '' says Laurel Cutler , vice
chairman of the ad agency FCB\/Leber Katz Partners .  Index traders
who buy all 500 stocks in the S&P 500 often do n't even know what the
companies they own actually do , complains Andrew Sigler , chairman of
Champion International Corp .  You quote Robert Crandall , chairman of
American 's parent , AMR Corp. , as having said that discount deals
for big customers would be `` dumb '' because `` you will go to
Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 ,
$ 275 or $ 375 . ''  Mr. Karns continues as chairman .  Mr. Giuliani
's campaign chairman , Peter Powers , says the Dinkins ad is ``
deceptive . ''  Senator Sasser of Tennessee is chairman of the
Appropriations subcommittee on military construction ; Mr. Bush 's $
87 million request for Tennessee increased to $ 109 million .  `` The
kinds of questions you had before have resurfaced , '' says Raymond
A. `` Chip '' Mason , chairman of regional brokerage firm Legg Mason
Inc. , Baltimore .  That skepticism would leave him with an even
greater credibility problem should he return that would handicap him
in any effort to oust the board in a proxy fight .  John M. Kucharski
, EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will
extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the
European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the
Eastern European market . ''  James F. Gero , former chairman and
chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a
Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this
medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members .  Bond
prices took the high road and stock prices took the low road as
worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market .  Richard
J. Riordan was elected a director of this single-family home builder ,
increasing the board to nine .  Mr. McKinney will continue as chairman
of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Banc One
Indiana Corp. , the successor company to American Fletcher Corp. , but
will no longer be active in day-to-day management .  The state agency
was particularly vexed to learn that the Rubens and a half-dozen other
paintings listed among the bank 's `` furniture and fixtures , '' were
actually hanging in the chairman 's house .  But rather than write off
home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about
$ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing
average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost
like a chair .  Groupe AG 's chairman said the Belgian insurer is
prepared to give up some of its independence to a white knight if
necessary to repel a raider .  Michael Blair , former president and
chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to
the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .  Other new
board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First
Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman
.  Mr. Gintel , head of Gintel & Co. , said he plans to conduct a
proxy contest to elect a majority of Xtra 's board at the next annual
stockholders meeting .  `` This week was uneventful for the CD market
, '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote .  But the chairman
and other committee members stressed that the notification guideline
was n't imposed on the White House by a meddling Congress .
Separately , the casino operator said its board approved a plan to
buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time ,
either in the open market or through private transactions .  Much of
HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers or the
middle class .  Louis Gerstner Jr. , chairman and chief executive
officer of New York-based RJR , called the sale a `` significant step
'' in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a `` a strategic
divestiture . ''  Howard Stein , chairman of Dreyfus Corp. , said the
fund was about half invested in government bonds on Oct. 13 , and
about 10 % in cash .  `` Traditionally , consumers were concerned
about ordering after the first of December because they did n't
believe they would get it by Christmas , '' says Adam Strum , chairman
of the Wine Enthusiast Inc. , which sells wine cellars and accessories
through the mail .  But the new chairman vehemently opposed a
provision in the bill that would give the agency the right to close
the markets at times of stress .  The board has 13 members elected by
holders and five presidential appointees .  `` He has n't added
anything , '' Mr. Levine said , predicting the board will again reject
Mr. Green 's proposal .  He was , in fact , taking an especially keen
interest in board matters even before he went to the treasury .
Charles Daggs , chairman and chief executive officer of Sutro & Co. ,
said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of
uncertain road and traffic conditions -- but learned that they would
have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the
power back on at the company 's two main facilities there .  `` Nobody
wants to have all his eggs in one basket , '' says David Yeh ,
chairman and chief executive officer of International Matchbox Group
Ltd .  His Republican counterpart , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. ,
N.H. -RRB- , has used his position to wage a legislative war with the
conservative board of the Legal Services Corp .  There 's a memorable
passage in which Mr. Shields , having finally learned of the practice
, expresses his outrage to Bill Clements , then a university governor
-LRB- and now the governor of Texas ! -RRB- and oil man Edwin Cox ,
chairman of the board of trustees .  Administration officials say
President Bush was briefed throughout Friday afternoon and evening ,
even after leaving for Camp David .  The board estimated that the cost
of building a pipeline from the Mackenzie delta to Alberta would be
about C$ 5.9 million .  `` There are very few companies that can boast
of such a close-knit group , '' says Robert A. Brawer , 52 years old ,
recently named president , succeeding Beatrice Coleman , his
mother-in-law , who remains chairman .  Now the ambivalent middle , a
moral majority of sorts , is reasserting itself .  Mr. Thomas ,
currently chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ,
would add another conservative voice to the closely divided court .
Big Board stock specialists , in a bold palace revolt , began shortly
after Oct. 13 to telephone the corporate executives of the companies
whose stock is listed on the Big Board to have them pressure the
exchange to ban program trading .  If they were to insist on a low bid
of , say $ 200 a share , the board might n't be able to obtain a
higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to
finance a transaction the pilots oppose .  Norman Ricken , 52 years
old and former president and chief operating officer of Toys `` R ''
Us Inc. , and Frederick Deane Jr. , 63 , chairman of Signet Banking
Corp. , were elected directors of this consumer electronics and
appliances retailing chain .  Neither disclosed details pending board
meetings next month .  But the New York Stock Exchange chairman said
he does n't support reinstating a `` collar '' on program trading ,
arguing that firms could get around such a limit .  Paul Fireman ,
Reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` Our gains in
earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in
place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's
overall profit performance . ''  Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady ,
Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and Housing and Urban
Development Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board .  Both the
Treasury and the Fed planned to keep market rooms operating throughout
the night to monitor the developments .  `` I see a lot of evidence
indicating a slower economy , and that means my interest-rate outlook
has a downward tilt , '' said Garnett L. Keith Jr. , vice chairman of
Prudential Insurance Co. of America , one of the nation 's largest
institutional investors .  Yasser Arafat has written to the chairman
of the International Olympic Committee asking him to back a
Palestinian bid to join the committee , the Palestine Liberation
Organization news agency WAFA said .  In the quarterly report , Arthur
Ochs Sulzberger , New York Times Co. chairman and chief executive
officer , said negative factors affecting third-quarter earnings will
continue .  The senior of the three executives who will assume
Mr. Reupke 's duties is Nigel Judah , 58 , finance director and a
Reuters board director .  Removed from office were George Pratt ,
Robert E. Davis , Norman Gray , John Virtue , corporate secretary ,
and Barrett B. Weekes , chairman , president and chief executive
officer .  Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco
Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder .  Cie. de Navigation Mixte
Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low
the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie. Financiere de Paribas to bring its
stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % .  These proposals include
changing the term of the chairman , shortening the terms of the
members , eliminating the presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks from
the decision-making process , putting the Secretary of the Treasury on
the Federal Reserve Board , having the Fed audited by an arm of
Congress -LRB- the General Accounting Office -RRB- , putting the Fed
's expenditures in the budget , and requiring prompt publication of
the Fed 's minutes .  `` We are n't Philip Morris Cos. , '' says
Bertrand de Galle , chairman of government-owned Societe Nationale
d'Exploitation Industrielle des Tabacs & Allumettes S.A. , known as
Seita .  Other observers note that UAL 's board , having accepted a
bid of $ 300 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the
original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to
running the company for a while and lets things return to normal .
Some analysts speculated yesterday that the move has set off a board
room split , which may lead to the resignation of Sir Colin Marshall ,
the carrier 's chief executive officer .  The biggest wild card in the
brand loyalty game : How those hotly pursued but highly unpredictable
baby boomers will behave as they move into middle age .  As a result ,
high-yield mutual funds have declined across the board and the many
firms planning to sell $ 11 billion in junk bonds before year-end are
experiencing anxious times .  William Seidman , chairman of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said Lincoln Savings & Loan
Association should have been seized by the government in 1986 to
contain losses that he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2
billion .  Harken also said that its financing from Bankers Trust
Co. has been extended until Dec. 15 to give Tesoro 's board time to
consider the offer at a Tesoro board meeting scheduled for
mid-November .  The issues are also thought to be important to the FCC
's new chairman , Alfred Sikes , a former AM broadcaster in his native
Missouri .  The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where
federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the
founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the
government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay
legal fees .  Also shown is the closing listed market price or a
dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the
percentage of difference .  The country abandoned its former devotion
to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in
the bloc ought to travel its own road .  `` Liquidity has n't returned
to the vast middle ground of the market , '' said Mr. Minella of
Merrill .  The spokeswoman said the company does n't have a timetable
for the sale , adding that the board 's decision just starts the
search for a buyer .  Assume a neighborhood demonstration to protest
speeding on a certain road or a careless accident involving a police
car .  Sen. Specter was vice chairman of the impeachment trial
committee that heard evidence in the Hastings case last summer .  But
one Bush administration official knowledgeable about the summit plan
cautioned against assuming that there will be bold new initiatives on
the Soviet economy or other issues .  William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's
chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $
58-a-share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would
consider the offer `` in due course . ''  Walter H. Monteith Jr. ,
SNET chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` Innovative
marketing of our products and services contributed to increase revenue
. ''  `` We did see some relief in raw material costs , but it was n't
sufficient to offset the drop in sales prices , '' James R. Kuse , the
company 's chairman and chief executive officer said in a statement .
`` If you build a better mousetrap , it will catch more mice , '' says
Fred Benninger , chairman of MGM Grand .  The suit charged the
defendants with causing Peter E. Voss , an ex-member of the Postal
Service board of governors , to accept $ 23,000 in bribes , kickbacks
and gratuities .  We 're sorry to report that on Monday President Bush
accepted the resignation of William Allen as chairman of the
U.S. Civil Rights Commission .  Under Robert W. Singer , who was named
president and chief operating officer last year , Keystone has
expanded its sales force to about 20 people from about 15 and hopes to
expand its sales from the middle portion of the country toward the
East and West coasts .  Bridge and road builders had a field day ,
including Kasler Corp. , up $ 2.125 to $ 9.875 , Guy F. Atkinson Co. ,
up 87.5 to $ 61.875 , and Morrison Knudsen Corp. , which reported
higher third-quarter earnings yesterday , up $ 2.25 to $ 44.125 .
They also unanimously re-elected Mr. Dubinsky , the union chairman who
has led the pilots ' 2 1\/2-year fight to take control of the airline
.  The action was expected to begin with the opening of the New
Zealand foreign exchange markets at 5 p.m. EST -- when stocks there
plunged -- and to continue as the trading day began later in the
evening in Tokyo and through early this morning in Europe .  NASA
awarded the contract to CSC in November but an appeal by Sterling
Software Inc. of Dallas sent the contract to the General Services
Administration Board of Contract Appeals and the board required NASA
to re-evaluate bidders ' proposals .  Bearings Inc. said its chairman
, John R. Cunin , will retire as an officer of the company on Jan. 2 .
Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , also
will be a member .  Succeeding him as chairman and chief executive
will be Frank Lorenzo , chairman and chief executive of Continental 's
parent , Texas Air Corp .  Mr. Wolf and other members of the board
declined to comment on the announcement .  But administration
officials conceded that Friday 's drop carried the chance of further
declines this week .  Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert
Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board .
Stock of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. gyrated wildly yesterday
amid speculation that one or more investors may challenge the UAL
board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out
or other transaction .  Giant Group is led by three Rally 's directors
, Burt Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II , who
last month indicated they hold a 42.5 % stake in Rally 's and plan to
seek a majority of seats on Rally 's nine-member board .  Edward
Eskandarian , former chairman of Della Femina , McNamee WCRS\/Boston ,
reached an agreement in principle to acquire a majority stake in
Arnold Advertising , a small Boston shop .  `` The board has stated
repeatedly that Rubbermaid should be independent , '' said Walter
W. Williams , Rubbermaid president .  A UPS spokesman said that
although none of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were
damaged in the quake , road shutdowns and power failures have impeded
its pickup and delivery of packages .  Robert Q. Marston , president
emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of
medical devices , was named chairman .  A Board of Control spokesman
said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment .  Lorne
Slotnick , vice chairman of the Southern Ontario Newspaper Guild , the
union representing the workers , said Thomson made significant
concessions in the final round of talks .  Luis Nogales , 45 years old
, has been elected to the board of this brewer .  Mr. Price , 61 years
old , also stepped down from the board of TVS Entertainment PLC , the
British TV company that last year bought MTM , producer of such TV
programs as `` Hill Street Blues '' and `` The Mary Tyler Moore Show
. ''  Countered James Maguire , chairman of specialists Henderson
Brothers Inc. : `` It is easy to say the specialist is n't doing his
job .  Swiveling in his chair , Mr. Straszheim replies that the new
outlook , though still weak , does n't justify calling a recession
right now . `` Cray Research indicated that the survival of a spinoff
company , which is developing a new supercomputer , depends heavily on
its chairman and chief designer , Seymour Cray .  Norfolk Southern 's
board approved a buy-back of up to 45 million shares , valued at over
$ 1.7 billion .  Thomas Plaskett , Pan Am 's chairman , said the
U.S. airline 's participation is a natural outgrowth of its current
arrangements with Aeroflot to jointly operate nonstop New York-Moscow
flights .  At the first day of the House Banking Committee 's hearings
last week , William Seidman , chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. ,
the federal agency created to sell sick thrifts , said the agency is
investigating whether Lincoln made illegal political contributions .
In an Oct. 19 letter to A.P. Green 's board , East Rock said the offer
is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than
Oct. 31 .  Mr. Whittington will remain on the main group board as a
nonexecutive director .  Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , ``
Steel Magnolias , '' helped a lot , but so did cost cutting and other
measures insisted on by the board .  `` The only people who are flying
are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the
Australian Tourist Industry Association .  The company 's board
approved the repurchase of up to 45 million common shares , or about
26 % of its shares outstanding , through the end of 1992 .  But a
majority of the board , which includes three members from the
Australian company , overrode him .  And , as Mr. Zell says , with
Itel and O&Y on the unit 's board , the real estate will be run by ``
a very unusual group '' to say the least .  The labor-management
buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent
attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board .  Dunkin '
Donuts Chairman and Chief Executive Robert M. Rosenberg said `` a sale
is one alternative being considered , '' but he added the board has
n't decided whether to sell the doughnut franchiser .  One option the
board is likely to consider today is some sort of cooling-off period .
He flew to Dallas on Oct. 19 , when the market plummeted 508 points ,
but then turned around the next morning and returned to Washington
without delivering his speech .  Mr. Nye thinks the UAL board should
be ousted if it does n't move soon to increase shareholder value .  ``
The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders and
employment falling and output at a standstill , '' said David
Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee .
As part of the transaction , Edisto agreed to give Mesa , an Amarillo
, Texas , oil and gas partnership managed by T. Boone Pickens Jr. , a
seat on its board .  The result is that some franchisees are running
hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder
to make less .  Though the offering did n't sell out , James J. Didion
, chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` We 're pretty proud
of the employees ' response . ''  While the SDI anti-missile program
recently awarded W.J. Schafer two contracts totaling $ 13.4 million ,
ERC 's chairman and founder , Jack Aalseth , says he bought the
company `` more for its technology than its customer . ''  `` The
other is that we see another major disaster , like two years ago .  ``
The Arizona real estate market continues to be depressed , and there
is still uncertainty as to when values will recover , '' James
P. Simmons , chairman , said .  As a result they have extensive
knowledge in financial markets , and financial market crises .  ``
This is a reaction to artificial LBO valuations , rather than to any
fundamentals , '' said John Young , chairman of Hewlett-Packard Co. ,
whose shares dropped $ 3.125 to $ 48.125 .  The stock 's decline also
has left the UAL board in a quandary .  Nearly 20 years ago ,
Mr. Morishita , founder and chairman of Aichi Corp. , a finance
company , received a 10-month suspended sentence from a Tokyo court
for violating a money-lending law and an income tax law .  ``
Hurricane Hugo losses and the continuing industrywide downturn in the
property and casualty insurance business were the major factors
affecting quarterly comparisons , '' said Rand V. Araskog , chairman
and chief executive officer .  Buying interest also resurfaced in the
technology sector , including International Business Machines , whose
board approved a $ 1 billion increase in its stock buy-back program .
British Air officials said the airline 's chairman , Lord King , was
concerned about news reports indicating that British Air might be
willing to participate in a bid that included a lower purchase price
and better investment terms for the British carrier .  `` Junk bonds
are a highly stratified market , '' said Lewis Glucksman , vice
chairman of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .  Farmington ,
N.M.-based Mesa has consistently rejected StatesWest 's offers , and
early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further
consideration , calling it `` vague and ill-defined '' because it did
n't describe the source of funds or the specific terms of StatesWest
securities which were part of the offer .  He retains his titles of
president and chief operating officer and succeeds as chief executive
Howard O. Painter Jr. , who remains chairman of the board .  `` He was
constantly picking up new things to fill out his experience ; he is
very well-balanced , '' said Takuro Isoda , chairman of Daiwa 's
U.S. unit in New York .  Charles J. Lawson Jr. , 68 , who had been
acting chief executive since June 14 , will continue as chairman .
Mr. Carey will remain a member of the merchant bank 's board .  SFE
Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief
executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .  ``
Obviously , we are looking at making economies across the board . ''
Bruno DeGol , chairman of DeGol Brothers Lumber , Gallitzin , Pa. ,
was named a director of this bank-holding company , expanding the
board to 11 members .  Petco Options , an options trading firm owned
by the family of the deceased former Chicago Board of Trade chairman
Ralph Peters , is getting out of the trade clearing , or processing
and guaranteeing , business after sustaining a multimillion dollar
loss Friday , options industry officials said .  His board members
alone have pledged $ 800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local
foundations and corporations .  Under the original buy-out approved by
the UAL board Sept. 14 , UAL 's pilots planned to put up $ 200 million
in cash and make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions for a 75 %
stake .  Retired Adm. William J. Crowe , former chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff , and Robert P. Luciano , chairman and chief executive
officer of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this
securities firm .  James A. Hagen , chairman and chief executive
officer , noted that earnings advanced `` in the face of a drop in
business , brought on by the general economic slowdown . ''  The
company , founded and controlled by Harbanse Doman , its chairman and
president , said the purchase would make it Canada 's 10th largest
forest products company .  The precious canvas , cut from its frame at
the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the
upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of
the thieves .  The government will try to sell all the real estate
managed by the Federal Asset Disposition Association in one fell swoop
, said William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corp .  One color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a
knot ; another picture shows neckties with bold designs .  Mr. McCall
will remain chairman .  Soo Line said its board appointed a special
committee of independent directors to study the proposal .  Robin
Honiss , president and chief executive officer of this bank holding
company , was elected to the additional posts of chairman , president
and chief executive of the company 's New England Savings Bank
subsidiary .  Next year , Noxell plans to roll out a perfume called
Navy , says George L. Bunting Jr. , chairman of Noxell .  John
B. Curcio , 55 years old , resigned as chairman of this diesel truck
manufacturer , effective upon appointment of a successor .  Harold
W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and
a director of the new company .  The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig
, and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen &
Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .  Meanwhile , the
National Association of Manufacturers said yesterday a recent poll of
53 executives on its board found that 61 % do n't expect a recession
to occur until 1991 or later .  James L. Pate , 54-year-old executive
vice president , was named a director of this oil concern , expanding
the board to 14 members .  There are no plans to initiate a common
stock dividend , Mr. Johnson said , explaining that the board
continues to believe shareholders are best served by reinvesting
excess cash .  It 's almost impossible to track the number of
companies trashing junk mail , since the decision is usually made in
the mail room -- not the board room .  Lawrence M. Gressette Jr. ,
president , was elected to the additional posts of chairman and chief
executive officer of this utility holding company , effective Feb. 1 ,
1990 .  The board increased by one to 26 members .  Customers lean
forward , rest their knees on side supports and bury their face in
padding on the back of the chair .  Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said
he was n't aware of plans at Ladenburg to name a co-chairman to
succeed Mr. Koenig and said the board would need to approve any
appointments or title changes .  Mr. Reupke was one of three
executives on Reuters 's eight-person executive committee who did n't
also serve on the company 's board of directors .  Jerry Junkins ,
chairman , president and chief executive officer , said sluggish
consumer-electronics sales reduced demand for semiconductors .  `` For
the middle and upper-middle class -LCB- Filipino -RCB- is declasse ,
'' says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine-studies professor at Quezon City
's University of the Philippines .  Rome magistrates accuse
Mr. Carboni and several other people of trying to extort 1.2 billion
lire -LRB- $ 880,000 -RRB- from the Vatican in return for documents
contained in the briefcase of Roberto Calvi , the Ambrosiano chairman
found hanged under London 's Blackfriar 's Bridge shortly before the
bank 's collapse .  The agreement is subject to the banking company 's
board approval , which is expected next month .  -LRB- Jacksonville ,
Fla. -RRB- -- Charles Bates , president , chief executive and chief
operating officer will resign from these positions and the board
effective Oct. 31 .  The university had sought an injunction blocking
Connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the
company by Merieux .  Charles Wohlstetter , chairman of Contel , who
is helping organize the alliance of Big Board-listed firms , said he
had no time to work yesterday because he received so many phone calls
, faxes and letters supporting his view that the Big Board has been
turned into a `` gambling casino '' by program traders .  `` It became
apparent in hearings that there ought to be regulation of leveraged
buy-outs of some sort , '' Rep. James Oberstar -LRB- D. , Minn. -RRB-
, chairman of the House Aviation Subcommittee , said during the panel
's deliberations .  `` Secretary of the Treasury Brady and Chairman
Greenspan and the chairman of the SEC and others have been in close
contact .  Of greater help , the Big Board chairman said , was the ``
natural circuit breaker '' of the weekend , that provided a breathing
period that `` brought rationality back to the market .  However ,
other knowledgeable observers said they believed Mr. Crandall and the
AMR board might well decide to tough it out without taking any extra
steps .  `` The membership warehouse-club concept has great potential
, '' the company 's chairman , Joseph E. Antonini , said in a
statement .  At one point , Mr. Phelan angered the subcommittee 's
chairman , Rep. Edward Markey -LRB- D. , Mass. -RRB- , by not going
much beyond what already had been reported in the morning newspapers .
Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as president and chief executive and will
work on special projects , said John J. Wallace , chairman .  In that
way , the pilots may be able to force the board to approve a
recapitalization that gives employees a majority stake , or to
consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal .
Rep. Hamilton said the bill will be modified substantially to call for
two meetings each year between the Fed 's open market committee and
the Treasury Secretary , the chairman of the Council of Economic
Advisers and the director of the Office of Management and Budget .  ``
People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is
clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent
... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones
, chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of
Public Communications at Syracuse University .  `` There 's always a
risk of lost messages , '' says John Fitzgerald , chairman of Ketchum
Advertising USA , which created similar radio spots for Pittsburgh
National Bank .  Jerome J. Jahn , executive vice president and chief
financial officer , said Mr. Rubendall was resigning by `` mutual
agreement '' with the board .  Later in the day , according to the
source , the board reversed itself , decided to file for bankruptcy
protection , and asked Mr. Evans to stay on .  William C. Ballard
Jr. , 48 years old , was elected a director of this distilled
beverages concern , expanding the board to 11 members .  Once
triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 %
of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to
receive securities or assets .  `` There is absolutely no way our
board or membership would have approved the portrayal of the Hells
Angels in this movie , '' said George Christie , president of the club
's Ventura chapter .  Mr. Dozen succeeds Sadakane Doi , who will
become vice chairman .  The LIN board said holders may be misled by
the provision in the McCaw proposal that `` guarantees '' private
market value after five years for the remaining shares .  The measure
provides $ 321 million to maintain services but would sharply curb the
power of the current board until successors are agreed to by the Bush
administration .  David Lindsey , chairman of the Fat Tire Bike
celebration , muses that the bike 's popularity may be a combination
of technology and nostalgia .  Resist the urge to call your broker and
sell all your stocks .  People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is
n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid .
`` We want the bold programs of market development and political
freedom in Hungary and in Poland to succeed .  Leo Melamed , Merc
executive committee chairman , said that the 12-point limit appeared
to lessen the selling panic Oct. 13 .  Joe Frank Sanderson , who is
currently chairman , chief executive and treasurer , will remain
chairman .  But William O. Bourke , chairman and chief executive
officer , said the ingot price `` appears to have bottomed out . ''
`` Some of those folks were coming back , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. ,
chairman , of discount brokers Quick & Reilly Group Inc .  `` Japanese
publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information
industries , '' said John Veronis , chairman of Veronis Suhler .
Great American Bank said its board approved the formation of a holding
company enabling the savings bank to pursue nontraditional banking
activities under a new federal law .  Alan F. Shugart , currently
chairman of Seagate Technology , led the team that developed the disk
drives for PCs .  Succeeding Mr. Whittington at Morgan Grenfell &
Co. is Richard Webb , 50 , currently deputy chairman .  Staar Surgical
Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president
and chief executive officer and that John R. Wolf , formerly executive
vice president , sales and marketing , has been named president and
chief executive officer .  Debora Foster takes off her necklace ,
settles herself on a padded chair and gently leans forward .
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief
investment officer , a new post .  `` The implication of an unsettled
situation is that the thing could drop dramatically , '' says Henry
Linsert Jr. , chairman of Martek Corp. , a four-year-old biotechnology
company that is planning a private placement of stock .  His
appointment expands the board to 13 members .  Do they really believe
that the number is just for verification and is simply a formality on
the road to being a grand-prize winner ?  But people familiar with the
agenda of the board 's meeting last week in London said Mr. McGovern
was fired .  Over at the fiberglass factory , four white workers
assemble water tanks on their own , and in their spare time they build
townhouses across the road .  Berkshire Hathaway earlier this year
bought $ 600 million of preferred stock in Gillette that is
convertible into an 11 % stake , and Gillette said at the time that
Mr. Buffett would be added to the board .  In Tokyo , share prices
dropped sharply by 1.7 % in early Monday morning trading .  That
speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the
appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis-Dreyfus , who
joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 .  At Fannie
Mae , he will take responsibility for the corporation 's financial and
legal areas and will work with David Maxwell , chairman and chief
executive officer , and Roger Birk , president and chief operating
officer , on strategic planning .  How should a reasonable member of
the Federal Reserve Board interpret a congressional decision to put
the secretary on the board ?  Qintex Entertainment also said Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer Jonathan Lloyd , 37 years old , would
join the nine-member board .  And federal officials are promising to
move rapidly with federal highway aid to rebuild the area 's severely
damaged road system .  Edward L. Kane succeeded Mr. Taylor as chairman
.  Corning 's chairman and chief executive officer , James R. Houghton
, said operating performance continued to be strong in the
telecommunications and health and science segments .  His duties will
be taken over by Anthony Richmond-Watson , who has been elected deputy
chairman .  CMS management said Thursday that they planned to
recommend paying a modest dividend when the board of directors met
Friday .  Rymer Foods Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of
as many as 500,000 of its common stock purchase warrants at a price of
$ 4 a warrant .  Mr. Harper expressed confidence that he and Mr. Baum
can convince the board of their worthiness to run the company .  In
the end , Teddy returns alone to America , leaving Ruth in Max 's
chair .  A supremely cautious man , the Fed chairman is forever
blinking yellow .  That 's the advice of most investment professionals
after Friday 's 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
At the Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. stand , Mrs. Nelson Rockefeller , a
board member , offered him a soy burger .  As chairman of the House
Energy and Commerce Committee , Mr. Dingell has almost single-handed
control over clean-air legislation .  The letter , dated last Thursday
, cited the losses at Valley National , and at United Bank , also of
Phoenix , where Mr. Simmons was chairman for 29 years .  The company
grew modestly until 1986 , when a majority position in Hooker
Corp. was acquired by Australian developer George Herscu , currently
Hooker 's chairman .  The reticence of federal officials was evident
in the appearance Sunday of Budget Director Richard Darman on ABC 's
`` This Week . ''  Westamerica said Mr. Decker 's posts were assumed
by David Payne , Westamerica 's chairman , who at 34 years of age
becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the
country .  The company also said expenses incurred by the previous
board and management in the recent contest for control were recognized
primarily in the first quarter ended Sept. 30 .  Mr. Corry also ruled
that all board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of New
York or Findlay , Ohio , Marathon 's home .  He also rejected reports
that his departure stemmed from disappointment the general manager 's
post had n't also led to a board directorship at the London-based news
organization .  A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman
of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman , former vice chairman of
Southmark , lowered its stake in the Dallas real estate concern to 7.7
% , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
.  The decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many
, since Mr. Dorrance had served as chairman of the Philadelphia Museum
of Art , and it had been assumed many of the works would be donated to
the institution .  It is prepared to assume the same role it played in
October 1987 , providing money to the markets if necessary to keep the
financial system afloat .  All of the former board 's members were
CPAs , provoking conflict-of-interest criticism because they were
writing rules while handling clients ' books at the same time .  The
two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment ,
were Coniston Partners , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , and New
York real estate developer Donald Trump , who recently made and
withdrew an offer for American Airlines parent AMR Corp .  The
graphics business , which also was singled out by the chairman as a
positive , saw its operating earnings for the quarter jump 79 % to $
42.1 million from $ 23.5 million .  Anthony J.F. O'Reilly , the
company 's chairman , swears by her firm touch , saying regular
massages are a balm for his old football injuries .  Par
Pharmaceutical Inc. said it named its interim president and chief
executive officer , Kenneth I. Sawyer , to those posts permanently ,
and elected him to the board .  Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in
tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return .
Coldwell Banker also named three outside director nominees for its 17
member board .  `` The issues that are -LRB- now -RRB- being raised ,
in classic anti-intellectual fashion , fly in the face of a number of
post-crash studies , '' said Fred Grauer , chairman of Wells Fargo
Investment Advisers .  Roland J. Hawkins , chairman of Jet Vacations
Inc. , was elected to the board of this cruise line .  Sam Ginn ,
chairman and chief executive officer , told securities analysts in New
York that the company expects somewhat slower per-share earnings
growth in 1990 , although annual growth should return to the
traditional figure of about 7 % thereafter .  That 's when George
L. Ball , chairman of the Prudential Insurance Co. of America unit ,
took to the internal intercom system to declare that the plunge was
only `` mechanical . ''  Alan Seelenfreund , 52 years old , was named
chairman of this processor of prescription claims , succeeding Thomas
W. Field Jr. , 55 , who resigned last month .  KKR also signaled to
the company 's creditors that Henry Kravis and other KKR directors of
SCI TV would resign from the board once the restructuring is completed
and forgo their voting rights .  Newport officials did n't respond
Friday to requests to discuss the changes at the company but earlier ,
Mr. Weekes had said Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team on the
board .  He increases the board to seven .  `` Banks want to remain
competitive , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote .  Sheldon
B. Lubar , chairman of Lubar & Co. , and John L. Murray , chairman of
Universal Foods Corp. , were elected to the board of this engine maker
.  If I am catching your attention , then read a bold and informative
article in this September 's issue of Science by Ethan Nadelmann on
this subject .  The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders
nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone
who might make a new offer .  Mr. Brady was at the White House Friday
afternoon when the stock market 's decline began .  Jack Byrne , the
chairman of Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which is based in Novato ,
Calif. , estimates insured losses resulting the earthquake could total
$ 2 billion .  Jeffrey , Peter , Joseph Jr. , William and Joseph
Sr. constitute the company 's board .  In addition , on Jan. 1 ,
Thomas A. Bennett , 52 , will become vice chairman and chief operating
officer of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust , filling a vacancy left
by the retired Hans W. Wanders in April .  So far no one has suggested
putting the comptroller back on the board .  In the event that the
buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid , the UAL board could remain
under some pressure to seek another transaction , even without any
legal obligation to do so .  I think that 's less likely . ''  Sir
John Egan , Jaguar 's chairman , so far has refused to meet with Ford
officials , but he is believed to be willing to consider a specific
bid proposal .  Mr. McKinney , 50 years old , was chairman and chief
executive of American Fletcher Corp. , Indianapolis , when that bank
holding company merged into Banc One in January 1987 .  Mr. Meyer 's
personal style was illustrated by his pinning a $ 100 bill to a
high-school bulletin board on which other coaches tacked their cards .
That may be difficult , the Jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you
have somebody else breathing down your neck .  Reuben Mark , chairman
and chief executive officer of Colgate , said earnings growth was
fueled by strong sales in Latin America , the Far East and Europe .
Alberto M. Paracchini , currently chairman of BanPonce , will serve as
president of the bank holding company and chairman of the subsidiary .
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the
company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder
vote , particularly since one-third of UAL stock is held by takeover
stock speculators who favor a sale .  However , four are in the
Michigan district of Rep. Bob Traxler , the chairman of the House
subcommittee that writes the HUD spending bill .  Robert H. Carlson ,
previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle , will
assume the title of chairman of the unit , a vitreous-china maker .
But under the bank 's proposed statutes , an assembly of shareholders
must approve board members .  Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and
co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete
, denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's
remarks `` vicious '' and his claims `` reckless , irresponsible and
baseless , '' saying Warner under his leadership has started a number
of businesses in Japan .  Roughly one-third of its stock is believed
held by takeover stock traders , who could vote to oust the board if
they become impatient .  At the moment , however , the painting is a
nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust and its
flamboyant chairman and chief executive , David L. Paul .  The board
would n't comment on its impending search for a new ad agency to
handle its estimated $ 5 million to $ 6 million account .  -- Give SEC
authority to halt securities trading , -LRB- also opposed by new SEC
chairman -RRB- .  Nevertheless , Fed officials acknowledged the
stories were reasonably accurate portrayals of the central bank 's
game plan .  David T. Kearns , Xerox chairman and chief executive
officer , cited the restructuring and `` strong '' cost controls for
the 13 % growth in profit from business products and systems
operations .  A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated
that the airline 's board wanted to keep the company independent ,
effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out .  In any case ,
the foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or
whose troubles provide material for fiction .  Results for the third
quarter ending Oct. 31 , are expected to be released the third week of
November , according to Michael Dell , chairman and chief executive
officer .  John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer ,
says he expects a commercial order by 1995 for the company 's AP600
nuclear power plant , which is under development .  Michael Grobstein
, 46 years old , was named vice chairman for planning , marketing and
industry services , a new post .  `` The rate of failures will be much
more than the rate of successes in the mega-projects , '' says
G.S. Patel , a former chairman of the giant , government-run mutual
fund , the Unit Trust of India .  It would be like `` watching a black
and white movie on a color TV set , '' says Malcolm G. Saull ,
chairman of the film and video department at the Rochester Institute
of Technology .  Randolph W. McElroy , a vice chairman of this
bank-holding company , was named to the additional position of
chairman of its principal unit , Sovran Bank .  Ms. McFadden had been
forced out in July in a bitter power struggle with Z. Lou Guttman ,
chairman and a longtime floor trader on the exchange .  Lord Chilver ,
63-year-old chairman of English China Clays PLC , was named a
nonexecutive director of this British chemical company .  Another
possibility is for the pilots ' to team up with an outside investor
who might try to force the ouster of the board through the
solicitation of consents .  But he kept Fruit of the Loom Inc. , the
underwear maker that he still controls and serves as chairman and
chief executive .  Harry J. Gray and Melvyn N. Klein , along with five
other IMA designees , were named to join American Medical 's 10-member
board .  Harry Rossi , 69 , chairman of the holding company , also
remains chairman of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co .  Mr. Warren
will remain on the company 's board .  He had frequent telephone
consultations with Mr. Brady and Michael Boskin , chairman of the
counsel of economic advisers .  Only a year ago , the chairman of Bond
Corp. , who controls about 58 % of the company , appeared to be
building a war chest to attack some big companies .  He sipped tea
sweetened with honey from his high-backed leather chair at his bench ,
while scribbling notes ordering spectators to stop whispering or to
take off their hats in his courtroom .  Mr. Brawer , along with
Mrs. Coleman and her daughter , Elizabeth , an attorney who is vice
chairman , are the family members involved in the operations of
Maidenform , which employs about 5,000 .  To the extent that the $ 150
million budget will allow it , Mr. McDonough will rely on solid wood ,
rather than plywood or particle board , to limit the emission of
formaldehyde .  Sovran also named John B. Werner a vice chairman of
the parent company and the unit and elected him to the newly created
position of chief credit officer of Sovran Financial , increasing the
number of corporate board members to 35 .  After the three members of
the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : ``
Go ahead and tell us what happened .  Government officials tried
throughout the weekend to render a business-as-usual appearance in
order to avoid any sense of panic .  Sir Peter Walters , 58-year-old
chairman of British Petroleum Co. until next March , joins the board
of this cement products company on Dec. 1 .  At Movieline , she wants
`` specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude --
bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek . ''  Merchant banks were stronger
across the board .  Their hope was that the catalyst would seek to
oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder consents .  The board
added that McCaw would be able to control LIN 's operations and could
, `` therefore , operate LIN in a manner which could diminish its
private market value and attractiveness to a third-party purchaser in
five years . ''  Rep. Austin Murphy -LRB- D. , Pa. -RRB- , chairman of
the House labor standards subcommittee , said they might have done
better `` if we 'd held their feet to the fire . ''  In a statement
late yesterday , Santa Fe Pacific 's chairman , Robert D. Krebs , said
that Santa Fe Pacific Realty would repay more than $ 500 million in
debt owed to the parent before the planned spinoff .  Cineplex Odeon
Corp. directors said the company 's chairman and chief executive ,
Garth Drabinsky , is considering bidding 780.6 million Canadian
dollars -LRB- US$ 666 million -RRB- to acquire the company .  AMR 's
board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : ``
Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect
employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to
the best interests of AMR shareholders ... .  Bob Evans Inc. said its
board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 shares of its
common .  Leon J. Level , vice president and chief financial officer
of this computer services concern , and F. Warren McFarlan , a
professor at Harvard University 's Graduate School of Business , were
elected directors , increasing board membership to nine .  Although he
called current market conditions `` highly competitive , ''
Mr. LaMothe , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer ,
forecast an earnings increase for the full year .  `` Opening '' -LRB-
1981 -RRB- , from Glassworks , introduces the audience to the Glass
technique : Never straying too far from the piano 's center ,
Mr. Glass works in the two octaves on either side of middle C , and
his fingers seldom leave the keys .  Even though it will be
independent of official television , Nika will have an oversight board
that will include members of the Communist youth league .  Prices were
up across the board , with most blue-chip stocks registering solid
gains .  Alfred Sikes , the new FCC chairman , championed deregulation
of AT&T at his last job as head of a Commerce Department
telecommunications agency .  The group temporarily will report to
Irving W. Bailey II , chairman , president and chief executive officer
of Capital Holding .  Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a
new-generation lithotripter is pending before the board that
administers the certificate-of-need law .  Mr. Brissette will remain a
Canonie board member and will be a consultant to the company .  Roger
M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .
Chairman Gonzalez expresses sympathy for Sen. Riegle , his counterpart
as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee .  The acquisition is
subject to approval by Kennametal 's board .  CBS pursues top sports
`` to belie the fact that they are n't supporting affiliates , viewers
and advertisers , '' charges Thomas H. Wyman , who was ousted as
chairman of CBS Inc. after Laurence A. Tisch bought a 24.9 % stake in
the company and took over three years ago .  It will be hard down the
road to persuade Congress to approve money for SDI plans if lawmakers
fear those plans could scuttle a completed treaty .  He was quickly on
the phone with Mr. Mullins , who in turn was talking with the chairmen
of the New York and Chicago exchanges .  The French state-controlled
auto group and the Dutch truck maker plan to incorporate the new
trucks into their product lines when they begin production toward the
middle of the 1990s .  The Camden County congressman still carries
himself with a trademark `` I'm-coming-down-your-throat '' intensity ,
but at a pause in Newark 's Columbus Day parade recently , he was
dancing with his wife in the middle of the avenue in the city 's old
Italian-American ward .  Richard Rifenburgh , chairman and chief
executive of the Longmont , Colo. , disk-drive maker , also said the
company continued losing money in the third quarter and expects to
sustain further losses through the end of the year .  Franco Reviglio
, ENI chairman , looks for sweeping structural change in the oil
industry -- he calls it a `` revolution '' requiring huge investments
-- as a result of environmental issues .  `` When we started the
program six years ago , the use of Filipino was deemed unwise by the
predominantly middle class , '' says Lydia Brown , the program 's
creator .  Mr. Nastro is chairman of the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa
Exchange in New York and director of commodity administration at
Shearson Lehman Hutton .  Ronald J. Taylor , 48 , was named chairman
of this insurance firm 's reinsurance brokerage group and its major
unit , G.L. Hodson & Son Inc .  In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a
committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp .  Banc
One said `` it is contemplated '' that John B. McCoy , chairman and
chief executive officer , will assume the additional position of
president upon Mr. McKinney 's retirement .  Indeed , one chief
executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert
Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines and
the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump .  The board had also been
expected to approve a SKr1.5 billion international offering of new
Trelleborg shares .  g - 10.06.89 NAV:22.15 .  `` I 'm not obligated
to sit down and talk to anybody , '' the Jaguar chairman asserted
yesterday .  In New York City , the new Chancellor , Joseph Fernandez
, has landed like a 16-inch shell in the middle of a system that has
been impervious to serious reform .  Under the direction of its new
chairman , Francisco Luzon , Spain 's seventh largest bank is
undergoing a tough restructuring that analysts say may be the first
step toward the bank 's privatization .  In January , he accepted the
position of vice chairman of Carlyle Group , a merchant banking
concern .  e - In Canadian dollars .  In addition , the chairman has a
wary eye aimed a year or two down the road .  But it said Charles
Johnston , ISI chairman and president , agreed to sell his 60 % stake
in ISI to Memotec upon completion of the tender offer for a
combination of cash , Memotec stock and debentures .  `` It has an
archival , almost nostalgic quality to it , '' says Owen B. Butler ,
the chairman of the applied photography department at Rochester
Institute of Technology .  Mr. Robertson was also removed from the
board of First National Bank of New Jersey-Salem County , another unit
, and the Toms River bank .  He was named chief executive officer of
Applied in 1986 and became chairman last November .  However , a
catalyst like Coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a
labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group
before the board meeting Monday .  Walter Connolly , chairman , said
in an interview that the company expects to record pretax gains of $
100 million to $ 125 million from the sale of its leasing operations
and of certain financial processing services .  The board is dominated
by the heirs of the late John T. Dorrance Jr. , who controlled about
58 % of Campbell 's stock when he died in April .  It was , after all
, only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange
Commission .  We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had
come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us
disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity
-- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the
ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming
it and the basket into the trailer .  `` Our net income is n't where
we would want it to be at this point , '' said William C. Ferguson ,
chairman and chief executive officer .  Lewis L. Glucksman , vice
chairman of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said : `` This is a
problem that 's taking on a life of its own .  He remains chairman ,
but wields little power at the company .  `` If I were choosing the
people of tomorrow , I would have chosen the people who are now on the
board , '' he said .  `` Prices for retail chains are lower today than
they were last week , which will help management , '' said Gilbert
Harrison , chairman of Financo Inc. , an investment-banking firm
specializing in retailing acquisitions .  Fed officials appear
reluctant to ease their credit grip any further because a bold move
does n't appear necessary , several investment managers said .  The
board increased to 11 seats .  Albert Fried Jr. , a 59-year-old
director and holder of a 9.5 % stake in the company , was named
chairman of this maker of products for the construction equipment ,
material handling and railroad industries .  One person familiar with
UAL said the unsettled labor situation and the uncertain world-wide
financial markets contributed to the board 's decision to avoid ``
rushing around selling the company at a bargain price , ''
particularly since it accepted a $ 300-a-share offer just last month .
This is n't going to help , '' said Kenneth T. Rosen , chairman of the
Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the University of
California at Berkeley .  However , Tony Lama said it would promptly
submit the offer to a special committee of the company 's board .  He
succeeds Alfred O.P. Leubert , 66 , who continues as chairman and
chief executive officer .  Among the other alumni are Stephen Wolf ,
now chairman of UAL Inc. , and Thomas Plaskett , president of Pan Am
Corp .  Jerome Grossman , chairman of the panel , agrees that
administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high .
Kwek Hong Png , chairman of CDL , and director Quek Leng Chye were
arrested by the republic 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau
Tuesday night .  Earlier this month , a group led by three of the
company 's directors , Burt Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and Willam
E. Trotter II , indicated it had a 45.2 % stake in the Louisville ,
Ky. , fast-food company and that it planned to seek a majority of
seats on Rally 's nine-member board .  Mr. Taylor also was named a
director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new
office of the chairman .  b - As of Thursday 's close .  William
G. Kuhns , former chairman and chief executive officer of General
Public Utilities Corp. , was elected a director of this maker of
industrial and construction equipment , increasing board membership to
10 .  In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper ,
chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of
Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15
business and labor representatives in the presidential mission .  ``
It seems computers as hobbies have waned , '' says Ian Brightman ,
Beseler 's chairman and chief executive officer .  Campeau 's chairman
, Robert Campeau , said at its annual meeting in July that he valued
Bloomingdale 's at $ 2 billion .  Thomas Spiegel , Columbia 's
chairman , said in a statement that the thrift was `` disappointed ''
by the effects of the accounting changes .  `` I really do n't see the
government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14
months , '' said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament
and chairman of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry in Britain
's House of Commons .  Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had
said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently
withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning
`` ill-conceived and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased ''
that Mr. Trump had backed out .  Mr. Rogers , 60 years old , succeeds
J.V. White , 64 , who will remain chairman and chairman of the
executive committee .  Gillette Co. elected Warren E. Buffett ,
chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , to its board , increasing the
number of directors to 12 from 11 .  It 's not an effort to steal the
company '' in the middle of the night .  After four year of tinkering
and $ 2.4 million in seed money , the board set up the new marketplace
, titled it the Chicago Board Options Exchange , and named Sullivan
its first president .  Just five months after Ogilvy Group was
swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's
chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a
top post at American Express Co .  Frank J. Pascale , chairman of
Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith ,
president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those
posts at Webster\/Eagle .  It has n't made merger overtures to the
board .  Christopher Whittle , chairman of the Knoxville , Tenn. ,
media company that is 50 % owned by Time Warner Inc. , said that by
December 1990 he expects to have Channel One installed in about 8,000
schools with a potential audience of six million .  The transaction
has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the
company 's shareholders .  Navigation Mixte 's chairman had suggested
that friendly institutions were likely to buy its stock as soon as
trading opened Monday .  The combined companies will become profitable
by January 1990 , said James P. Sherblom , Transgenic 's chairman and
chief executive officer .  Currently in the middle of a four-week ,
20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his
synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone
.  Mary Anne Sudol , an analyst at Fitch Investors in New York , said
automotive suppliers were reporting lower profit almost `` across the
board . ''  Mr. Leavitt , 37 , was elected chairman earlier this year
by the company 's new board , having served as vice president for
legal and corporate affairs .  Mr. Ackerman already is seeking to oust
Mr. Edelman as chairman of Datapoint Corp. , an Intelogic affiliate .
While Ms. Kaddurah-Daouk left MIT to head Amira , Prof. Schimmel will
continue to work at MIT , serve on Amira 's board and own a small
equity stake in the company .  Allegheny Ludlum Corp. expects to
report third-quarter net of about $ 34 million , or $ 1.50 a share ,
down from $ 38.4 million , or $ 1.70 a share , a year earlier ,
Richard P. Simmons , chairman and chief executive officer , told
institutional investors in New York .  People familiar with Monday 's
board meeting said it was the state 's refusal to explicitly reaffirm
the credit guarantees that led Union Bank and Postipankki to halt
lending to Waertsilae Marine .  But analysts said early results from
the reorganization have been disappointing , especially in Europe ,
and there were signs that the board became impatient .  He was
chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg , Thalmann &
Co. until July , when he was named co-chairman of the
investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr. , who then
became the sole chief executive .  Seven Japanese department-store
groups were approached by investment bankers representing Bloomingdale
's chairman , Marvin Traub , and more than half are seeking additional
information on the group , bankers say .  David Boren , the
Intelligence Committee chairman , is upset that someone leaked a
letter to the committee from the Reagan administration suggesting that
the U.S. would undertake to warn Panamanian thug Manuel Noriega if it
got wind of an impending coup that might result in his assassination .
He also is close to American Express 's chairman and chief executive
officer , James D. Robinson III .  Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the
editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on
Employment and Housing , alleging : He will also remain a director ,
US Facilities said , but wo n't serve on any board committees .
Keystone Consolidated Industries Inc. expects to report earnings
before extraordinary tax benefits of about $ 1.5 million , or about 41
cents a share , for the third quarter , compared with a loss last year
, said Glenn R. Simmons , chairman and chief executive officer .  Fred
D. Thompson , a 47-year-old attorney in private practice in Washington
and Nashville , Tenn. , was elected to the board of this engineering
and construction company .  The government , in turn , guaranteed
financing to complete the order backlog and took control of the board
.  Norman J. Harrison , chairman , will succeed him as chief executive
.  Ratners 's chairman , Gerald Ratner , said the deal remains of ``
substantial benefit to Ratners . ''  As it turns out , the board has a
lot of important members , including Winton Blount -LRB- former
postmaster general of the U.S. -RRB- , Mrs. Henry Gaisman -LRB- widow
of the inventor of auto-strop razor -RRB- and Vincent Murphy -LRB- an
investment banker at Merrill Lynch & Co . -RRB- Mr. Sloan plans to
remain on the board until his current term expires in April 1991 , a
Lance spokesman said .  Carrying the new message on the road ,
Mr. Straszheim meets confrontation that often occurs in inverse
proportion to the size of the client .  Total Assets Protection Inc. ,
rebounding from its earlier loss , expects to report earnings from
operations of about $ 200,000 for the third quarter , J.C. Matlock ,
chairman , said .  In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and
chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest
quarter to total about $ 28 million .  Louisiana-Pacific Corp. said
its board authorized the purchase of as many as five million of its
common shares for employee stock plans and other general corporate
purposes .  Kidder denied that GE 's chairman and chief executive ,
John F. Welch , had anything to do with Kidder 's decision .  One
former executive says , `` Nobody wanted that deal inside USX except
Dave Roderick , '' who was a hunting and fishing buddy of William
L. Hutchison , chairman of Texas Oil & Gas .  But early on Oct. 19 ,
the second of two hectic days of board meetings , Mr. Evans said he
believed Qintex Australia would n't be forthcoming .  What you want to
know is when the road 's rough , when there 's snow and ice , how 's
this car going to perform ? ''  Aides say he continued to work the
phones through the weekend .  Commissioner Mary Francis Berry said it
was `` another sad episode in the saga of the unguided missile who is
chairman . ''  But other than the fact that besuboru is played with a
ball and a bat , it 's unrecognizable : Fans politely return foul
balls to stadium ushers ; the strike zone expands depending on the
size of the hitter ; ties are permitted -- even welcomed -- since they
honorably sidestep the shame of defeat ; players must abide by strict
rules of conduct even in their personal lives -- players for the Tokyo
Giants , for example , must always wear ties when on the road .  One
takeover expert noted that arbitragers could force a recapitalization
through the written consent process under which holders may oust the
board by a majority vote .  Jay Marcus , president , said the move ``
reflects the confidence of our board and management in Halsey 's
long-term prospects and our desire to provide our shareholders with an
attractive return on their investment . ''  On Friday , the Merc 's
board announced that it had approved Sabine Pipe Line Co. 's Henry Hub
in Erath , La. , as the delivery site for its long-awaited natural gas
futures contract .  Philip M. Hawley , chairman of Carter Hawley Hale
Stores Inc. , expects sales at department stores open at least a year
to rise a modest 3 % to 5 % over last year 's totals , both for his
company and the industry in general .  This perhaps was perceived as a
`` bold '' stance , and thus suspicious .  The board said it concluded
that `` the welfare of the company , its shareholders , its employees
and the broader public ... can best be enhanced by continued
development of UAL as a strong , viable , independent company . ''  He
succeeds James A. Taylor , who stepped down as chairman , president
and chief executive in March for health reasons .  They are : James
R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of
CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman ,
president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance
Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman and chief executive
officer of Chemical Banking Corp .  `` The pilots will be involved in
any transaction that takes place around here , '' pilot union chairman
Frederick C. Dubinsky declared yesterday .  The chief economist of
Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the
Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major
prediction .  In a sharply written letter , Rep. David Obey , chairman
of the House appropriations subcommittee for foreign operations ,
warned Mr. Bush that the result of his `` ultimatum '' could weaken
efforts to accommodate the administration elsewhere .  Sen. John Kerry
-LRB- D. , Mass. -RRB- , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations
subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized
the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that
are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .  At the Treasury ,
Secretary Brady issued a statement minimizing the stock market 's drop
.  The partnerships said they may seek board representation , and they
may seek the support of CACI 's board and other major shareholders in
connection with their plans .  Even some takeover-stock traders said
they could n't quarrel with the board 's logic .  It 's especially
nettlesome `` if you 're on the road and you 're the one responsible ,
'' says Eddie Brown , president of Brown Capital Management Inc. , a
Baltimore money-management firm .  `` The disturbing thing about this
abortion issue is that the debate has become polarized , so that no
mechanism exists '' for finding a middle ground .  One big factor
affecting the fiscal second half will be the new stewardship of Edwin
L. Artzt , who becomes chairman and chief executive officer in January
.  The best moments in the show occur at the beginning and the end
-LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into
his standup mode and starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish
mischief to other people as well as to himself .  In recent months ,
California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in
Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and
bridge design .  Mesa President Larry Risley said his board had
received Stateswest 's most recent offer and was reviewing it .
Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer .  Philips
Industries Inc. said its board authorized the redemption Dec. 6 of the
company 's $ 1 cumulative convertible special preferred stock at $
37.50 a share , not including a 25 cent dividend for the current
quarter , and the $ 3 cumulative convertible preferred stock at $ 75 ,
plus a 75 cent dividend for the current quarter .  Mr. Abalkin , head
of the Academy of Science 's Institute of Economics , was recently
appointed deputy chairman of the Soviet government and head of a state
commission on economic reform .  He succeeds Terrence D. Daniels ,
formerly a W.R. Grace vice chairman , who resigned .  Mr. Percival
will be succeeded on an interim basis by George Kadonada , US
Facilities chairman and president .  Colleagues today recall with some
humor how meetings would crawl into the early morning hours as
Mr. Dinkins would march his staff out of board meetings and into his
private office to discuss , en masse , certain controversial proposals
.  Senator Byrd is chairman of the Appropriations Committee .  News of
Mr. Eward 's retirement comes one day after Morgan said that
Christopher Whittington resigned as chairman of Morgan 's banking
subsidiary to join a financial services firm .  `` This is clever ,
subliminal advertising that really says , ` Smokers have rights , too
, ' '' says Al Ries , chairman of Trout & Ries Inc. , a Greenwich ,
Conn. , marketing strategy firm .  Now there are more lines connected
to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has
been moved next to his desk .  Mr. Hollander was named chairman last
week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
PepsiCo Inc. 's chairman said he is `` more than comfortable with ''
analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to at least 98
cents to $ 1 a share from 91 cents the year earlier .  Succeeding
Mr. Whittington as deputy chairman of the group is Anthony
Richmond-Watson , 43 , currently a main board member .  But , he adds
, `` We ca n't tell where it will go at all because we 're still in
the middle of it . ''  Thanks to a new air-traffic agreement and the
ability of Irish travel agents to issue Aeroflot tickets , tourists
here are taking advantage of Aeroflot 's reasonable prices to board
flights in Shannon for holidays in Havana , Kingston and Mexico City .
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia-Pacific 's chairman and chief executive
, said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .
Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in
January , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive ,
to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in
solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international
venture capital .  The filing also said certain provisions which apply
to persons acquiring 20 % or more of Intelogic common stock , were
waived by Intelogic for Mr. Edelman , who is chairman of the company .
A company spokesman said he believed the confusion was caused when
James Batten , Knight-Ridder 's chairman and chief executive , told
New York analysts two weeks ago that Knight-Ridder 's earnings per
share for the first nine months of 1989 would `` be behind a little
bit '' from like period of However , CDs sold through major
broker-dealer networks were up slightly almost across the board .  ``
This is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals ,
'' said Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer .  In a
statement , Alex Kroll , Young & Rubicam 's chairman , said `` under
the present circumstances -LCB- we -RCB- have agreed that it is
prudent to discontinue that contract . ''  That can pay off down the
road as customers , especially the younger ones , change from
borrowers to savers\/investors .  Telos responded by combining three
of its five divisions to reduce expenses and `` bring more focus to
potentially fewer bidding opportunities , '' says Lin Conger , Telos
chairman and controlling shareholder .  They continued to represent
that to the board , '' said Mr. Lloyd .  The chair is a way to package
massage . ''  Joe F. Lynch , the 56-year-old chairman and chief
executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust ,
was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding
company .  Adds John Poag , a 727 captain and past chairman of the
company-sponsored Flight Advisory Board : `` They 've made all these
magnanimous gestures to the Flying Tiger pilots , and for us , nothing
. ''  Christopher Whittington , 51-year-old deputy chairman of this
British investment-banking group and chairman of Morgan Grenfell &
Co. , the group 's main banking unit , has retired from his executive
duties .  In an interview Thursday , Claude Bebear , chairman and
chief executive officer of Axa , said his group has already obtained
assurances from a group of banks led by Cie . Financiere de Paribas
that they can provide the loan portion of the financing .  His father
, David S. Leavitt , was chairman and chief executive until his death
in an accident five years ago , at which time Mr. Penn was named
president .  The directors added that the two executives have n't
reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer
is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other
bidders .  Other airline stocks fell in response to the UAL board 's
decision to remain independent for now , including USAir Group , which
separately reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.86 a share compared
with a year-ago profit .  An apartment complex down the road is the
crew-rest and staging area for more than 130 Aeroflot pilots and
flight attendants .  The 57-year-old Mr. Gressette , who was also
elected chairman and chief executive of all Scana subsidiaries ,
succeeds John A. Warren .  Mr. Waggoner has been involved in a dispute
with the board since August , when he ousted all the directors .
Ms. Clifton had been executive financial assistant to the chairman .
Richard J. Pinola was elected to the board of this personnel
consulting concern , increasing its size to nine members .  AMR 's
chairman , Robert L. Crandall , said the results were due to an 11 %
year-to-year increase in fuel prices and a slight decrease in yield ,
an industry measure analogous to profit margin on each seat sold .  In
a management restructuring , Thomas L. Ringer resigned as chairman ,
chief executive and a director , while Israel Sheinberg resigned as a
director .  Today , the pixie-like clarinetist has mostly dropped the
missionary work -LRB- though a touch of the old Tashi still survives
-RRB- and now goes on the road with piano , bass , a slide show , and
a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light
pop , with a few notable exceptions .  ISI said its board has
instructed management to accept inquiries from any others interested
in making a bid .  He will remain on the Banc One board .  Peter
Cawdron , group strategy development director , and Bill Shardlow ,
group personnel director , will become part of the board 's management
committee .  After eight moves by each side , the board was the same
as in a game in which Nigel Short of Great Britain fought the champion
to a draw in 1980 .  J.P. Bolduc , vice chairman of W.R. Grace & Co. ,
which holds a 83.4 % interest in this energy-services company , was
elected a director .  M. Anthony Burns , Ryder 's chairman and chief
executive officer , said : `` We 're constantly trying to find ways to
regain the earnings momentum .  He is well-known in Democratic circles
, having been executive assistant to Vice President Walter Mondale and
chairman of Mr. Mondale 's 1984 presidential campaign .  Then , in May
1988 , Mr. Tisch urgently needed to make a bold statement to quell
rumors that he might sell the network .  Moscom Corp. said its board
approved the repurchase of as many as 300,000 common shares when
market conditions are suitable .  Today , with about 75 % of the
companies ' products being made in China , the chairman of the Hong
Kong Toys Council , Dennis Ting , has suggested a new sourcing label :
`` Made in China by Hong Kong Companies . ''  Gerald Ford , a fairly
down-to-earth fellow , once sent a letter to the chairman of the Armed
Services Committee recommending that `` there be a committee
investigation of the UFO phenomenon .  He will retain the honorary
title of non-executive chairman .  Trek previously made only
traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to
change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president ,
Dick Burke .  The Federal National Mortgage Association set up a
three-member office of the chairman and elected James A. Johnson as
vice chairman , effective Jan. 1 .  Vernon E. Jordan was elected to
the board of this transportation services concern .  At another point
during the hearing , Rep. Markey asked Mr. Phelan what would be
discussed at a New York exchange board meeting today .  Died : Rudolf
von Bennigsen-Foerder , 63 , chairman of Veba AG of West Germany , in
Duesseldorf , of pneumonia .  As a result , last March the General
Services Administration board of contract appeals directed NASA to
reopen negotiations on the contract .  Douglas H. Miller ,
self-employed in the oil and gas securities business , was named
chairman of this oil and gas exploration company , filling a vacancy .
But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal
regulators press a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and
others .  Mr. Nogales , the first Hispanic person to serve as a Coors
director , is an addition to the board , increasing its membership to
nine .  `` Then there was a big liquidation of stock '' across the
board , he added .  Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman and chief executive
, added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars ,
called Record Breakers , and its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids ,
Scrabble and other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company
`` in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season . ''
Robert Robie , 51 , was named to the new positions of vice chairman
and chief credit officer .  The building , which will handle child
abuse , custody and foster care cases , will be `` less formal , less
threatening and just basically less grim than most courthouses , ''
says Edmund Edelman , chairman of the Los Angeles County Board of
Supervisors .  Reached at his office , Mr. McFall , currently chairman
, said , `` An implication that we failed to return investor funds is
inappropriate and inaccurate . ''